Access the concierge app
Adjust the time scheduled for the wake up call
Air conditioner needs to be higher
Air conditioner needs to be lower
Air conditioner needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be lowered by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned up by two degrees
Alert me when it is Tuesday 3 PM
Alert me when it's 8 o'clock
Arrange an alarm for 10 PM tomorrow night
Arrange an alarm for 6 PM this evening
Arrange an alarm for 8 AM
Arrange an alarm for 8:30 in the morning
Arrange an alarm for Tuesday and Thursday 7 o'clock PM
Arrange wakeup alarm for Tuesday 9:30 AM
Arrange wakeup call for tomorrow 9 AM
Ask for a wakeup call tomorrow at 8 AM
Ask for more amenities
Ask for more bathroom amenities
Ask the front desk for amenities
Assist me in getting a wake up call
Assist me with the check out
Assist with check out process
Bring down air conditioner
Bring down air conditioner by one degree
Bring down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring down room temperature
Bring down room temperature by one degree
Bring down the room temperature by one degree
Bring me to the main menu
Bring more amenities
Bring up air conditioner
Bring up air conditioner by one degree
Bring up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring up more amenities
Bring up room temperature
Bring up room temperature by one degree
Bring up the alarm
Bring up the alarm app
Bring up the alarm display
Bring up the alarm menu
Bring up the alarm window
Bring up the concierge app
Bring up the help page
Bring up the help screen
Bring up the help window
Bring up the hotel's amenities
Bring up the main menu, now
Bring up the timer
Bring up the timer app
Bring up the weather for this location
Bring up the weather for today
Bring up today's weather
Call me tomorrow at 7AM
Can I access the help page?
Can I bring down the temperature of the AC by 2 degrees ?
Can I change the wifi password? 
Can I check out a few hours later?
Can I check out a little later than 11 AM?
Can I check out late of my room this afternoon?
Can I check out now since I don't have any additional fees to pay?
Can I check out now?
Can I check out of my room?
Can I check out of the hotel at any time?
Can I check-in before noon? 
Can I check-in early? 
Can I check-in to the hotel now? I am a bit early
Can I check-in using the phone?
Can I check-in without a driver's license?
Can I check-in without an ID
Can I check-in without my reservation number?
Can I checkout without returning to the front desk?
Can I get a timer set?
Can I get a wakeup alarm in the morning?
Can I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Can I get a wakeup call?
Can I get an amenity?
Can I get concierge service?
Can I have a timer set?
Can I order an amenity?
Can I request for more amenities?
Can I request to have a morning call at 7:30AM?
Can I set up a wakeup call for Monday morning 8 o'clock?
Can I take back the wakeup call request?
Can I talk to a concierge?
Can the front desk wake me up at 8:30AM on Tuesday?
Can we set up a wakeup call for tomorrow 8:30 AM?
Can you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Can you arrange an alarm for noon today?
Can you arrange an alarm for this afternoon?
Can you arrange for a wakeup call at 7 AM on Tuesday?
Can you bring me some amenities?
Can you cancel my morning wakeup call?
Can you cancel the alarm?
Can you cancel the wake up call, please?
Can you cancel the wakeup call?
Can you check the room lights, please?
Can you check-in early at a hotel?
Can you close the list of amenities
Can you close the timer app?
Can you close the timer window?
Can you close the timer?
Can you decrease the air conditioner?
Can you decrease the room heating?
Can you decrease the room temperature?
Can you display the alarm screen?
Can you display the alarm?
Can you end the alarm?
Can you exit the list of amenities
Can you find out what time check-in is?
Can you find out what time check-out is?
Can you find out what time the check-in is?
Can you find out what time the check-out is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you get me a concierge?
Can you get me amenities?
Can you get me more amenities?
Can you get rid of the wakeup call?
Can you get the concierge on screen?
Can you give me a menu?
Can you halt the timer?
Can you have a timer measure 20 minutes?
Can you help me with the wifi?
Can you increase air conditioner?
Can you increase the heating temperature?
Can you increase the room heating?
Can you increase the room temperature?
Can you increase the temperature of the room by 7 degrees?
Can you list up all the hotel facilities?
Can you look up what the wifi is?
Can you look up what the wifi password is?
Can you look up what time check-out is?
Can you look up what time the check-in is?
Can you look up what time the check-out is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you look up when I can check-in?
Can you look up when I can check-out?
Can you make an alarm for 6:30 PM?
Can you make an alarm for next Tuesday 3 PM?
Can you make this room 5 degrees  higher?
Can you monitor the status of this room, please?
Can you open the alarm screen?
Can you open the alarm window?
Can you open the timer's screen?
Can you open the timer?
Can you organize a wakeup call for Sunday?
Can you pause the timer?
Can you please set up a wakeup call for Wednesday?
Can you prepare a Monday alarm for 10 in the morning?
Can you prepare a Monday morning alarm for 10?
Can you prepare an alarm for 8 o'clock AM?
Can you provide me with details regarding the wifi? 
Can you provide more info on this room?
Can you put the help page up?
Can you remind me if I arranged for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if I made arrangements for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup alarm?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup call?
Can you remove the morning wakeup call?
Can you request some room amenities for me
Can you select number one
Can you select the first one
Can you send me a wakeup call?
Can you set a 1 hour 30 minute timer?
Can you set a timer?
Can you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Can you set up a timer for me?
Can you set up a timer?
Can you show me information on this room
Can you show me the alarm menu?
Can you show me the current condition of this room?
Can you show me the daily weather forecast?
Can you show me the help page?
Can you show me the home screen?
Can you show me the weather for tomorrow?
Can you show me the wifi password again?
Can you show me what the wifi is?
Can you show me what the wifi password is?
Can you show me what time check out is?
Can you show me what time check-in is?
Can you show me what time check-out is?
Can you show me what time the check-in is?
Can you show me what time the check-out is?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you show me when I can check-in?
Can you show me when I can check-out?
Can you show the alarm display?
Can you show the help page on the screen?
Can you shut down the alarm?
Can you shut off the alarm app?
Can you shut off the alarm screen?
Can you shut off the alarm?
Can you shut off the timer?
Can you start a 1 hour timer?
Can you start a timer for me?
Can you start a timer?
Can you stop the alarm?
Can you stop the timer?
Can you tell me more details about the check-in process?
Can you tell me the password for the wifi?
Can you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Can you tell me the weather for today?
Can you tell me the wifi password?
Can you tell me today's weather?
Can you tell me what the password for the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi password is?
Can you tell me what time I am allowed to check in?
Can you tell me what time check-in is?
Can you tell me what time check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you tell me when I can check-in?
Can you tell me when I can check-out?
Can you turn off the air conditioner?
Can you turn off the heater for now?
Can you turn off the heating?
Can you turn on the air conditioner?
Can you turn on the heating?
Can you turn the alarm off?
Can you wake me up tomorrow at 5AM?
Can your decrease the heating temperature?
Cancel all wake up calls
Cancel my wakeup call
Cancel scheduled wake up call
Cancel the concierge screen
Cancel the scheduled wake up call
Cancel the wakeup call
Change the time for the wake up call
Change the time of my wakeup call
Change times for the morning call
Change times for the wake up call
Change wakeup call details
Check air conditioner status
Check for the air conditioner status of the room
Check for the hotel check-in information
Check for the hotel check-in time
Check for the hotel check-out information
Check for upcoming wake up calls
Check if the temperature of the room dropped yet. I want to lower it by 3 degrees
Check me out
Check me out of my room
Check on the status of air conditioner
Check room heating status
Check room status
Check room temperature
Check status of the room darkening curtain
Check the check-in time
Check the check-out time
Check the room and tell me its status
Check the room temperature
Check the room temperature now
Check the room temperature right now
Check the status of the air conditioner
Check the status of the room
Check the status of the room heating
Check the wifi password
Check the wifi password for the room
Check the wifi password, now
Check to see if there are any wake up calls coming up
Check what amenities are available
Check which wifi is available
Choose the first one
Close amenities list
Close facility information
Close facility information of the hotel
Close facility information of the hotel, now
Close hotel introduction
Close information about hotel facilities, now
Close information about hotel facility
Close now the screen with hotel information
Close out of room service screen
Close out of the room status screen, I am done using it
Close room service screen
Close room status
Close screen on hotel facilities, now
Close screen on hotel facility
Close screen on in-room service
Close screen on room service
Close screen with room information
Close the alarm
Close the alarm app
Close the alarm display
Close the alarm menu
Close the alarm menu screen
Close the alarm screen
Close the alarm window
Close the amenities screen
Close the concierge
Close the concierge app
Close the concierge screen
Close the help page
Close the hotel information screen
Close the list of amenities
Close the list of services
Close the room information screen
Close the screen on hotel information
Close the screen on hotel introduction
Close the service information page now
Close the status of the room
Close the timer window
Close timer app
Close timer window
Control room temperature and turn off air conditioner
Control room temperature and turn off heating
Control room temperature and turn on heating
Control room temperature by turning off the air conditioner
Control room temperature by turning on the air conditioner
Control the AC's wind speed, it's not strong enough
Control the room thermostat and set it as cold as possible
Control the temperature so that the air conditioner is on
Could I adjust the brightness of the bathroom lights?
Could I change the time for the wake up call?
Could I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Could I get some conditioner?
Could I have an additional alarm clock?
Could I have the decorative lamps near the bed turned off?
Could I pay for an additional stay? 
Could I place a request for a wake-up call for 9PM tonight?
Could I place a request for conditioner?
Could I request an amenity
Could I schedule a morning call for 9:20AM Friday?
Could I turn off the lights in the bathroom?
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
Could we drop the temperature significantly? I want it to drop 15 degrees
Could we increase the temperature of the room by 4 degrees?
Could we just talk about this for a second?
Could you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you automatically exit out of the page with the hotel information?
Could you bring up the alarm display?
Could you bring up the alarm menu?
Could you bring up the alarm window?
Could you bring up the alarm?
Could you check the room temperature?
Could you close the screen with the hotel information as soon as possible?
Could you close the timer app?
Could you close the timer?
Could you exit out of the main menu for now?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you give me a wakeup call?
Could you give me more information for hotel check in 
Could you give up email for five years?
Could you help me contact the front desk?
Could you increase room temperature by one degree
Could you just excuse us for one minute?
Could you log out of the screen with the room information?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you lower room temperature by one degree
Could you make sure that the room is extremely well heated?
Could you make the room brighter?
Could you make the temperature drop by 6 degrees?
Could you open home?
Could you remind me again what the wifi password is?
Could you select number one
Could you select the first one
Could you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Could you set up a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you share the check out policy? 
Could you show me in detail what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me information for hotel check in
Could you show me the number to the front desk? 
Could you show me what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me what the wifi password is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you shut off the timer?
Could you slightly decrease the room's temperature
Could you slightly reduce the temperature of the room?
Could you slightly turn up the brightness
Could you switch off the heating for the room
Could you tell me about the room wifi
Could you tell me if the heating for the room is on?
Could you tell me more about the check out policy? 
Could you tell me the condition of my room?
Could you tell me the room temperature?
Could you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Could you tell me the wifi password?
Could you tell me what I need to verify my information during check-in? 
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you turn down air conditioner by one degree
Could you turn off the air conditioner?
Could you turn off the central heating system for now?
Could you turn off the heating?
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
Could you turn on the heating?
Could you turn up air conditioner by one degree
Could you update me with information of hotel facilities?
Could you verify the check out time?
Could you wake me up tomorrow at 9AM?
Deactivate alarm
Decrease air conditioning temperature by one degree
Decrease room heating by one degree
Decrease the heating
Decrease the heating temperature
Decrease the room temperature
Decrease the room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Details on hotel check-out
Dial for help
Did I ask for a wakeup call?
Did I request a wakeup call?
Did I schedule a wake up call?
Did I schedule a wake up call? 
Did I schedule any wake up calls?
Did I set a wakeup alarm?
Did I set up a wakeup alarm?
Did they do that sort of thing way back in your day?
Did you arrange a wakeup call for me?
Did you put in a wakeup call request for me?
Display check-in details
Display check-in details for the hotel
Display check-in details on screen
Display check-in information
Display check-in information on screen
Display check-in time
Display check-in time for my hotel reservation
Display check-in time on screen
Display check-out details
Display check-out details for the hotel
Display check-out details on screen
Display check-out for hotel reservation
Display check-out information
Display check-out information on screen
Display check-out time
Display check-out time for my hotel reservation
Display check-out time on screen
Display details of check-out on screen
Display details on hotel check-in
Display details on hotel check-out
Display hotel amenities
Display hotel check-in time
Display hotel check-out time
Display hotel reservation check-in time
Display hotel reservation check-out time
Display information for hotel check-in
Display now the information on the room
Display options for room service
Display room information
Display room service
Display room status
Display service information
Display status of the room
Display the alarm
Display the alarm app
Display the alarm on the screen
Display the alarm screen
Display the alarm window
Display the concierge
Display the concierge on the screen
Display the concierge screen
Display the help page
Display the help screen
Display the timer
Display the timer screen
Display time for hotel check-in
Display time for hotel check-out
Display time to check-out the hotel
Display what options are available for room service
Do I ask the front desk for amenities?
Do I bring my reservation confirmation number to check in?
Do I check out at the same place I checked in for my stay?
Do I go to the front desk for an early check out?
Do I have a wake up call scheduled?
Do I have any wake up calls?
Do I have to ask somebody to get an answer?
Do I have to be 18 to check-in? 
Do I have to pay an additional fee to get internet access in my room?
Do I have to return to the front desk to check out?
Do I need a password to connect to wifi?
Do I need a print out of my reservation number to check in? 
Do I need my reservation number to check-in?
Do I need to call the front desk for the check out info? 
Do I need to check out right now?
Do I need to go to reception to check-in?
Do I need to go to the front desk to check out?
Do a wakeup call at 8 AM tomorrow morning
Do you accept all forms of payment for check-in?
Do you have any local take out menus that I can look through?
Do you have any post-its?
Do you have online checkout?
Do you have service information?
Do you have the forecast for today?
Do you have to watch that or not?
Do you have today's weather?
Do you know the wifi password?
Do you need my identification at hand to check-in?
Do you need my reservation for check-in?
Do you remember if I set up a wakeup call?
Drop the room's temperature by a 3 degrees
Drop the temperature of this room
E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!
EG Green and Sons was forced into administration last year.
EU-25, in particular, was down pretty sharply, he said.
Each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed, depending on the material worked.
Each day, they tried to carry on life as normal.
Each man, that is, is both one and many.
Each of us had his own specialty besides.
Each percentage point represents millions of dollars in savings.
Each show is scored in various categories by numerous adjudicators.
Each year these shows have increased in entries.
Easier to get them to come to us, than to try and find them
Eddie stood up abruptly, then sat down just as abruptly.
Eighth one
Eighty-three of the babies were girls while eighty-two were boys.
Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious.
Either model is a very good dollar value.
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face
Either way you'll be better off than you are now
Either we all score, or no one scores
Eleventh one
Eliminate the wake up call
Elise shook her head. 'She had no family.'
Enable me to make changes to the status of my room
End alarm
End hotel introduction
End screen on in-room service
End screen on room service
End screen with room status
End screen with status of the room
End the alarm
End the alarm app
End the hotel information screen
End the wake up call
End timer
End timer screen
Enough to make shapes and shadows in the dark into something else
Enough to scare me that you wouldn't get here in time
Enter a new category I'll call "bathroom music."
Especially, when I had a few beers in me.
Even I, who know her so well, cannot tell when the change has begun
Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912.
Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone.
Even here, though, a little ranking is in order.
Even his neck seemed thicker and, therefore, shorter.
Even if I got there first she wouldn't go with me
Even the bellboys on their bench were listening.
Even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas.
Even the least alteration will change the quality.
Even then, the 'change' is not so much.
Even there he did not last for long.
Eventually, says Keys, one of two things happens.
Ever think of what they might have to do to find me?
Every day I ask you, and every day you've got something else to do
Every day for three years I asked myself that same question?
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds.
Every eye was on him as he began to speak.
Every fifteen steps now, he stopped to rest.
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks.
Every step in the process took a lot of time.
Every store needs to take the Internet into account.
Every time I leave home, it feels like a farewell.
Every time I see her, I know exactly what I don't want
Every time you don't give me an answer, I'm going to cut off one finger
Every winger would have been able to score that try.
Everybody still hates each other, but they know how to hide it better
Everyone agreed that Sloan had been the perfect company man.
Everyone is not going to call that pitch every game.
Everyone is welcome at the Caring Place, he added.
Everyone pitched in to help me over the speed bumps.
Everyone prefers to earn more for their time.
Everyone uses it for networking, finding jobs and maintaining contacts.
Everyone's got a job to do, so listen up
Everything I have and everything I am is yours
Everything he owns is laid out on the bedroom, ready to be packed
Everything is good?遊춐rmal blood pressure and no high temperature
Everything is good?봭ormal blood pressure and no high temperature
Everything is the same, George, except instead of thousands, you are making millions
Everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question.
Evidently I credited you with an advantage greater than I should have
Excellent plot with Spacious Garden, Decorated to a high standard.
Excuse me, I'm gonna jump onto the tracks now
Excuse me, I'm sorry for disturbing you this fine afternoon
Exit amenities list
Exit amenities screen
Exit amenities window
Exit facility information
Exit facility information of the hotel
Exit hotel introduction
Exit information about hotel facilities
Exit list of amenities
Exit out of amenities
Exit out of room service screen
Exit out of room status
Exit out of screen with room status
Exit out of screen with status of the room
Exit out of status of the room
Exit room information screen
Exit room status
Exit screen on hotel facilities
Exit screen on hotel information
Exit screen on in-room service
Exit screen on room service
Exit screen with room information
Exit screen with room status
Exit status of the room
Exit the alarm app
Exit the alarm display
Exit the alarm menu
Exit the alarm screen
Exit the alarm window
Exit the concierge app
Exit the concierge screen
Exit the concierge window
Exit the facility information screen 
Exit the help page
Exit the hotel information screen
Exit the list of amenities
Exit the list of services
Exit the room service screen
Exit the room service screen now
Exit the room status screen
Exit the screen on hotel information
Exit the screen on hotel introduction
Exit timer
Exit timer app
Exit timer screen
False ideas surfeit another sector of our life.
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area.
Fans know her for her single, "The Right Song."
Fashionable women wore long dresses that almost touched the ground.
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt.
Feature split level room creating two areas of the room.
Feel free to share in the comments below.
Feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation.
Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940.
Fewer than that on weekends, holidays and during the summer.
Fifteenth one
Fifth one
Figured I'd better leave before I used it on him
Finalists from the county's east end failed to place.
Finally one of 'em says somethin' in Injun and they all turned and left out
Finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values.
Finally, lighting conditions in the factory were returned to normal.
Find information about check-in
Find out check-in time
Find out check-out time
Find out if I can stay for one more night
Find out information about check-out
Find out the weather for today
Find out the weather forecast
Find out today's weather
Find out today's weather forecast
Find out what services this hotel has
Find out what time check-in is
Find out what time check-out is
Find out what time the hotel check-in is
Find out what time the hotel check-out is
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem.
First go over the type of coverage you now have.
First of all, Robin's category is almost up
First one
First, Schwab-Pomerantz thoroughly answers her target market's most common questions.
First, we've got to get out of here.
Five minutes, you'll be back over here in five minutes
Five o'clock, Thursday, the Garden, it's got to be something around here
Flooding is continuing to cause problems in Queensland.
Follow me. Life, which you so nobly serve, comes from destruction
Followed me, must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies
Following Lebanese custom, they are usually consumed after the meal.
Folly danced, eager for whatever lay beyond the door.
For English the reduction in size is less striking.
For General Motors it seemed like a great opportunity.
For Riverside County, you can visit the site here.
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear.
For a man of his mass he was curiously short.
For a minute, he almost had me convinced I was wrong
For a moment, boy and mount hung in midair.
For all I know, that guy's my soul mate
For example, in a typical store installation, fifty by 24 inches.
For humans, things can change dramatically in a short time.
For many of Oprah's viewers, this was an interesting moment.
For many of these examiners English is their second language.
For me, that's how I knew I needed to start.
For months there never was any way to get her to talk about it
For now, Barack Obama's lawyers say that nothing will change.
For now, try to relax and exercise. It may solve your problems
For one whole week he never let her stay alone.
For over the years he had received many such calls.
For some reason, I'm more at home everywhere than at one place
For the people of Poland, high noon comes today.
For these reasons we support George Lavender for State Representative.
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility.
For this reason, too, their language is more forthright and earthy.
For three hours he crawled slowly along the ridge.
For three years he was connected with the U.S.
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive
For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers.
For years, he wandered in that political wilderness.
For your own sake, let me write it down
For, with a single exception, nothing had happened to them.
Forget the wakeup call
Forgive me, Don Bobadilla. Those positions have already been taken
Formerly he had noticed them -- now he felt them.
Fortunately, I knew almost exactly what the will had said.
Four years is nearly a quarter of his life.
Fourteenth one
Fourth one
Francesca was pleasant and charming, but Blanche was sweet.
Frankly, that is half the cause of all this mess.
Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already.
From behind her Means shot forward at a run.
From four years old she performs for the family.
From the looks of the other cable, it might even go higher than that
From this amount deduct the items indicated below.
From what I can see you're a pretty fair wheelman
From what I can tell, I got here just in time
From what you saw, did Huey Newton start the shooting?
Further research, we believe, will develop important commercial applications.
Furthermore, Garry makes an ideal master of ceremonies.
Furthermore, the list is interesting for its omissions.
G. Mennen Williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly.
Gains of 2-3 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil.
Galileo 'pathfinders' take shape The Galileo satellite-navigation system is coming.
Game 1 is scheduled for Friday night at Wrigley Field.
Game night is for those 18 years and older.
Garcia won by major decision and decision twice.
Garth's glance began to flicker to his watch.
Gee, we haven't had one of those in a long time
General Power would participate in the decision making.
Gentlemen, I go now to discover the exact length, width and depth of the shaft
George Hill paced the Jazz with 18 points.
Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely, and the battle was joined.
Gerard Flack was elected as a second commissioner.
Get a 8:30 morning alarm ready
Get an alarm ready for Monday morning 8 o'clock
Get an alarm ready for next Tuesday 3:30 PM
Get an alarm ready for tomorrow evening at 6
Get an alarm set for tomorrow evening at 6
Get me a concierge
Get me more room amenities
Get me the help page
Get me the timer screen
Get me the weather forecast for my area
Get more bathroom amenities
Get out of the alarm menu
Get out of the hotel information
Get rid of the amenities list
Get rid of the amenities screen
Get rid of the help page
Get rid of the timer
Get rid of wakeup call
Get the timer running
Gino, your son stole this money to set me up and I can prove it
Girls' night out wasn't going as she had hoped
Give each new member a certificate of membership.
Give information for hotel check-in
Give me a 10 AM wakeup call
Give me a call at 5AM on Thursday
Give me a list of all amenities
Give me a list of all hotel services
Give me a list of amenities
Give me a morning call at 8:30AM Thursday
Give me a wakeup call at 12 PM
Give me a wakeup call tomorrow at 7 AM
Give me additional bath amenities
Give me an alert for 8:30 PM
Give me check-in details
Give me check-in information
Give me check-in time
Give me check-out details
Give me check-out information
Give me check-out time
Give me conditioner
Give me details on check-in
Give me details on check-out
Give me details on hotel check-in
Give me hotel check-in time
Give me hotel check-out time
Give me hotel reservation check-in time
Give me hotel reservation check-out time
Give me information about the hotel
Give me information for hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel facilities
Give me instructions on cancelling my drink order
Give me more bath amenities
Give me more information about the hotel
Give me room status
Give me some hotel information
Give me the front desk number
Give me the help page
Give me the help screen
Give me the hotel's amenities
Give me the status of the room
Give me time for hotel check-in
Give me time for hotel check-out
Go back to bed, I'll let you know when I've found him
Go home, pick up what we need, then crash here
Go on a holiday with your special someone.
Go out of the amenities screen
Go out there, check it out, see what it's like
Go places you're not meant to be, that's what you get
Go with number one
Go with the first one
Good friends I can see when I want, if I want
Good information systems can remove most of that waiting time.
Good luck to all of our Mustang Teams this weekend.
Good meetings are the result of good preparation.
Good morning, We need a name for him, don't we?
Gordon won seven races and finished sixth in the standings.
Got a code from the department chief this morning
Got get it, throw it down and I'll climb up
Grant me a final favor, for a chance to explain myself
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes.
Guerrillas were only a dozen yards away, charging the house.
Guess we'll have to take a rain check
Guys a lot smarter than me are dropping out like flies
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur.
Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false
Hal, unless you follow my instructions, I shall be forced to disconnect you
Half of it was natural, half was Smith College.
Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down.
Halt the timer
Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out.
Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time.
Happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night.
Hard to believe that book's got any parts worth highlighting
Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings.
Has it changed since the last time you were here?
Has the temperature decreased? It still feels warm
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light.
Have a timer open for 15 minutes
Have a timer set for 1 hour
Have a timer set up for 30 minutes
Have a wake up call scheduled for 8:30AM tomorrow
Have a wakeup call prepared tomorrow 9:45 AM
Have a wakeup call ready for Monday 9:30 AM
Have an alarm prepared for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm ready for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm set for Monday night 8:30
Have more conditioner sent to my room
Have the front desk give me a morning call at 9AM
Have the front desk wake me up at 9AM tomorrow
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
Have you any objection to the following plan?
Have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention?
Have you ever actually seen a rain dance performed?
Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication?
Have you thought about how you would do that?
Having completed our camera work, we started our climb.
Hawk drafted a preliminary ordinance for commissioners to consider.
He allowed this climate to exist, Gonzales said.
He always kept a few on his personal staff.
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous.
He always seemed to have money in his pocket.
He always seems to be waiting for something and nothing ever comes
He and I'll go and try to talk some sense into Stuart
He and Warren had traveled together for four days.
He and his wife Margaret painted the place themselves.
He anticipates significant future construction for the street.
He asked her in a voice of entreaty, as he pressed her hand
He asked if there was anything he could do.
He ate it in a hurry, before anyone noticed.
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained.
He believed that they should help to manage the company.
He better watch out or he'll get flu when he date her
He blew his nose expertly between his fingers.
He called the two men to his office.
He came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance.
He came home in love and in shock.
He can do anything we ask him to do.
He can only be one of two people, they think.
He can't afford for you to get caught and have this briefcase appear as evidence
He cannot answer questions and is very difficult to follow.
He cannot, of course, examine each proposal from scratch.
He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature.
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door.
He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity.
He cleared his throat and wet his lips.
He clinched the Division Series with an RBI single.
He could be poisoned, or somehow killed to look like an accident
He could do that when he would be a man.
He could even recall the last time he sat there.
He could hardly believe he was getting in.
He could not stay here in the dark.
He could only take ten steps now before resting.
He could take the advice or leave it.
He could tell they were approaching the sea.
He couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground.
He couldn't make out what he was saying.
He crawled into bed and switched off the light.
He cried out to her, his back turned.
He decided he wanted to be a tax lawyer.
He decided to leave the tent and rucksack behind.
He did everything he could to take care of his heart?
He did not dare climb back up to the road.
He did not leave the middle of the road.
He did not mind the useless, kindly questions.
He did not reply, going on toward the back.
He did not, however, find himself at once.
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection.
He didn't even know that she was there.
He didn't have the guts to watch them die so
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today.
He didn't know how she would behave with other people.
He didn't want to put himself outside the law.
He doesn't have a lot of ads to choose from.
He doesn't know anything. he's got nothing to do with this
He doesn't know the fine things in life that guy
He dropped a man with the first bullet.
He even carved 'Ted' into that block of cheese
He felt able to end on a note of hope.
He felt trapped in that pattern, in the repetition.
He fights the toughest guys around that everybody else is afraid to fight
He finds it in utter misery and desolation.
He fits hand-in-glove with Ryan and House Republicans.
He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs.
He found a match in his pocket and lit it.
He found it in the edition of May 15.
He gazed away from us as we approached.
He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them.
He got his hat out of the closet.
He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder.
He had Anthony and William to confide in and consult.
He had a legitimate reason for wearing it.
He had a short private talk with each adult slave.
He had a stepfather who had contempt for him.
He had a thousand things to see to.
He had always been a messy and negligent man.
He had always dreamed of using his law degree to protect the environment
He had an appointment he forgot, he's going to see you later
He had an arrangement with the US army.
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway.
He had better write a postcard to Walter.
He had broken his wrist the week before and was wearing it in a sling
He had caught her coming out of the shack.
He had come here in order to test himself.
He had cursed at them and threatened them.
He had done all he could and that was that.
He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it.
He had forgotten that she was so pretty.
He had his own face, dark and beautiful.
He had lived all his life waiting for her.
He had made an assault once with 180 men.
He had no chance to say another word.
He had not because he was both poor and ambitious.
He had not felt that during the afternoon.
He had successfully blocked the bill in the past.
He had taken her upstairs to say good night.
He had taken shelter and somehow escaped the bombs.
He had thought her exactly what he wanted.
He had thought no further than finding Muller.
He had turned his ankle slightly, and it pained him.
He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name?
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread.
He hardly ever talks and when he does it's in that tone!
He has a glorious wife and many children.
He has been cleaning his room for the last two hours
He has been going out of his mind waiting for this
He has been working on his homework since 3:00 o??쌾ock
He has been working on his homework since 3:00 o?셛lock
He has made it his, and his it remains, irrevocably.
He has never been afraid to say that he's wrong.
He has never been convicted of any sex offenses.
He has never really been a businessman himself.
He has taken some steps to control them.
He has to take his friend to Cleveland.
He hasn't used it now for several years.
He held a cigarette in his right hand.
He held the controls where they had been.
He himself did not know, as he said in 1935.
He ignored her and started to ride away.
He in turn told her she demanded too much.
He injected more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years.
He is a strong young man, with you as his guide
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights.
He is at a different point in his life.
He is calmer and more able to focus.
He is definitely not hurting me, but I can't get him down
He is going sound again now, and looks good.
He is going to be amazed to see it
He is just a puppet, a useless one at that.
He is not likely to win this battle easily.
He is one of the great pianists of our day.
He is still concerned, however, with a personal event.
He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot.
He jerked once in the grass and lay still.
He jumped to his feet and started to throw punches.
He just didn't want to talk about it.
He just seemed I know that kid, what he's like inside
He just told me how I wish he could tell me now
He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him.
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
He kissed her also, and with deep tenderness.
He knew he would never see it again.
He knew now what he was up against.
He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it.
He laughed, and basically said he would decide when it was over
He lay still, listening to the silence, watching the light.
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily, feigning sleep.
He lived and breathed for the mining company.
He looked as if he was going to keel over.
He looked at his son, his face worried.
He looked in her direction but he didn't answer.
He looked out of the tent at the company street.
He looked out over the expanse of the compound.
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers.
He made his way back to the Jeep.
He makes them feel they are part of the program.
He melted a little snow to drink, but ate nothing.
He met nobody he knew on this walk.
He might be interested, but it would mean another five thousand
He might delay the rescue and that would be too late
He might not be found for days, even weeks, otherwise.
He more than likely just shot himself in the foot or something
He moved out of town to another house.
He moved the flights over against one wall.
He must also complete a drinking driver's program.
He must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more selfish.
He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard
He must have thought I was a tourist.
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence.
He muttered, and took off, obviously feeling like a fool.
He nodded at the door in front of him.
He only knew that he wanted to see her again.
He only spent about one hundred dollars so far
He opened the door and followed Rourke out.
He ordered flags to remain lowered through sunset Saturday.
He owned companies that made everything from cars to fridges.
He paced slowly, stooping, staring at the damp, slippery floor.
He photographed the latest Benetton catalog in the Gaza Strip.
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it.
He pissed on the rug all the time, but I still kept him
He placed a bottle opener on the counter.
He plans on using his down time as work time.
He plans to follow up with a doctoral degree.
He played basketball there while working toward a law degree.
He pleased all entities in this religious-political power control matrix.
He prepared by playing a few sounds off his guitar.
He pulled out one of them and cocked it.
He pulled up the first man, then the second.
He put down his pipe and started to type.
He put it into a truck and sped off.
He raced to the window and yanked at the sash.
He ran his fingers across her naked skin
He ran into the rapture of the depths.
He really made a difference in our lives.
He really thinks Rachel's going to go back with them
He really wanted to know who I was.
He received individual honors in band, track and UIL.
He received one warning soon after he was elected.
He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more.
He retreated a step and holstered his own.
He rolled toward her and took her in his arms.
He rose from the chair, took off his coat.
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw.
He said all three non-food operations are profitable.
He said he had not heard of anybody else.
He said he picked reporter because he didn't know classical.
He said he thought we'd make a pretty good team
He said he wanted very much to listen.
He said increased staffing at that park must be addressed.
He said it's up to us and I got here first, didn't I?
He said that Russia also has tightened its blasphemy laws.
He said that if I didn't come back he'd make my life miserable
He said that in today's age, only decisions remain privacy.
He said to tell you to turn your badge in and clean out your office
He said we could visit him any time we wanted
He said, pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy.
He said, turning on what was meant to be charm.
He sank back, sighing, and was soon asleep again.
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944.
He saw himself before them delivering the speech.
He saw them climb a rock step on the ridge.
He saw them, specks against the gray, but closing fast.
He say anything about the summons I tried to give him?
He says better reporting systems are urgently needed.
He says every major group will have a say.
He says he has never hidden any relevant matters.
He says he'd like another menu, quick as possible
He says in many cases talking about problems can help.
He says it is a great opportunity to expand exports.
He says not all pets behave in the same manner.
He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern.
He says over-investment on some farms will create problems.
He says that should help to break the deadlock.
He says the figures show education campaigns are not working.
He says the mindset within government-owned companies has to change.
He says what he says, and I appreciate that.
He says you're limping more than you need to.
He scored a 4 for the embedded ball, a 3 with the provisional one.
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance.
He seemed to be muttering, his voice surprisingly clear.
He seems to be enjoying life after baseball.
He selects queries or general interest to answer.
He should have discovered a more tender farewell.
He should have stayed here and watched Burton.
He shouldn't keep his shades down and hide behind them
He shouted, and was aghast at the echoes.
He shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket.
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines.
He showed us the true meaning of religion.
He shows up with his mask on, leaves with his mask on
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame.
He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk.
He simply needed to reduce the cost of making them.
He simply walked, not noticing where he was, not caring.
He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that.
He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness.
He smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together.
He spent most of his time in the air.
He spoke briefly, sensibly, to the point and without oratorical flourishes.
He spoke, in a voice as immaculate as his appearance.
He staggered over and dropped it on the table.
He stares at her, sees the pleading look in her eyes, and lets go
He still goes back to the park every day to feed the babies
He stood in line waiting for bread, fish, and salt.
He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk.
He stood up and touched the girl's arm.
He stood very still, his heart thumping wildly.
He stood with his back to the skiff.
He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder.
He strode past the now frightened man, entered the house.
He stumbled and fell, but it did not hurt.
He succeeds Everett Meyers, who resigned in May.
He suggested that they call on these brothers, who received them pleasantly.
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him.
He swayed them somewhat, but the debate raged on.
He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with
He swung in through his own wide gateway.
He takes the initiative to do things now.
He takes three sleeping pills every night at ten o'clock
He talked about it to the Presiding Elder.
He tended the new colts Beau had sired.
He thinks that anybody who knows what this is got to be a saint
He thinks that this is a big mistake.
He thought : I am a Jew from Bavaria.
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone?
He thought Franky needed some help, so they bribed a juror
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating.
He thought he saw a pale face at a window.
He thought that his son was wasting his life.
He thought, Pull out of it, old son.
He threatened harm to her and others in the home.
He threw his arms wide, his face shining.
He told the caller he was OK, but was wobbly.
He told them he was seventy-nine and had never taken a dose in his life
He too asked to see the same page.
He took a big swig of his drink.
He took a few photos, then the cloud came back.
He took it out, went to the phone and called somebody long distance
He took the tent down and packed his rucksack.
He treats it with a mythological, universal application.
He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds.
He tried to fight back but was overpowered.
He tried to see her face more clearly.
He tried to take my hand to show me.
He trudged on, his aching eyes focused straight ahead.
He turned the beam of his flashlight on it.
He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek.
He used to call me every night after he came back
He used to get in through my dreams, but not anymore
He visits his ladies on Tuesday and Thursday nights and Saturday mornings
He walked all the miles back to his room.
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her.
He wanted to find out about real life.
He wanted to know why you weren't talking to him
He wanted to take the pedal steel outside the mainstream.
He wants Mommy to think him a good boy.
He wants to show it to the Columbia Biology department
He wants you to write a daily column on the Tribune
He was 18 months from retirement, she said.
He was a big man with hard, mean eyes.
He was a former Foster Parent for DCS.
He was a good man, until she came along
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul.
He was a member of The Fighting Seventh.
He was a nice fellow I am sorry about him
He was a retired Minister and affiliated with Cumberland Presbyterian.
He was a well-to-do, handsome, and sensitive young poet.
He was a young man in the 1960s.
He was all shoveled up like I thought he'd be.
He was already looking a long way into the future.
He was also worried about the US government.
He was ambitious and believed in hard work.
He was arrested and convicted of high treason.
He was bitter and resentful toward her, personally resentful.
He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly
He was concerned that the students were becoming lazy.
He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity.
He was dead before he hit the ground.
He was delighted to see them so happy.
He was detained for interrogation, as you know.
He was determined to spend an industrious summer.
He was dozing, perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten.
He was eleven and we had done many things together.
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh.
He was followed by four of his men.
He was formerly the general editor of Entertainment Weekly.
He was friendly to me as no man ever was
He was going to make it, he told himself.
He was his own man, not an automatic obstructionist.
He was in there a long time and little kids have small bladders
He was just laying all his things out on one of the beds
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped.
He was mad about stars at the age of nine.
He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing.
He was moving like a ballet dancer, playing for laughs.
He was never late and always polite to customers.
He was never sure they fully took him in.
He was on all the packages we used to buy when I was a kid
He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain.
He was over six feet tall and very thin.
He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat.
He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing.
He was passing through town and phoned to say hello.
He was patient, he was polite, and he was exhausted.
He was promoted to probationary captain in June.
He was proud that he had never worn a wig.
He was rubbing snow on the kid's legs and feet.
He was so excited when you bought that
He was so impressed with the her tale
He was sputtering a little, and seemed annoyed.
He was stopped and found to be 14 years old.
He was talking about antelope again when they woke up.
He was tall and dark-skinned, a half-breed, Wilson thought.
He was tall, and thin, and like a shadow, his face was just a blur
He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time.
He was the only one of my bunch that was my friend
He was thinking about giving the beer away for donations.
He was tired, and had to rest every thirty steps.
He was very close to tracking down the Knight's Tomb
He was very fashionable, and underneath, very, very serious.
He was, in fact, showing signs of reviving.
He was, thus, an early and spectacular victim.
He wasn't only different -- he was it.
He wasn't taking his possessions
He watched the half-breed as he turned silently.
He watches her go and starts to move after her
He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction.
He waved at his supporters, gesturing that all was well.
He waved his arm around at the furnishings.
He wears a natural scowl and has a mischievous smile.
He went down another stairwell at the end of the hall
He went on to explain what he had in mind.
He went out and began to weep bitterly.
He went out several time last night, in the rain carrying his sample case
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken.
He who has not the Son has not the life.
He who has the Son has the life.
He will also serve as team captain this year.
He will apologize when he meets her
He will go to Paris when he has some free time
He will let them feel you have betrayed them for the good life
He will take over his new post Jan. 1.
He won't see us... we'll just stalk him from a distance
He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger.
He wondered if he had played it wrong.
He wondered if the audience would let him finish.
He wondered what expression, as he made that gesture, was on his face.
He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie.
He would cross to Manhattan, to Harlem Heights, before morning.
He would have to be given the opportunity.
He would have to do something on his own.
He would have told her, but Victoria was yodeling.
He would never let her harm herself again.
He would not have wanted to hurt a lady.
He would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news.
He would settle himself into his seat to laugh.
He wouldn't last a day on the streets without foods
He wouldn't parade his crime in front of the open shades
He wrote it to me the day after I saw him
He'd come alone, without his wife and child.
He'd keep using more and more, never knowing what he was taking
He'd not only told me so, he'd proved it.
He'll be right back here as our starting quarterback.
He'll just let it fester under the surface until he does something big and passive-aggressive
He'll probably admit he's kind of corny, but that's OK.
He's a pretty good judge of character, Anderson.
He's a spirit, requiring a flesh and blood host in order to manifest himself
He's an even bigger fool than you are.
He's been remarkable outside of the cricket field.
He's going to be a very good college player.
He's going to be there two years after I'm on the street
He's gonna get it on with a TV reporter
He's got the rest of his life to catch up on his sleep
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now.
He's informed them of everything you've ever written him.
He's just this guy I've been seeing for a couple of weeks
He's not gonna know what kind of shoes she was wearing
He's off trying to make you jealous
He's probably in the bedroom by now
He's right, we can't get into the room if they're dead!
He's the murderer I tell you, he's the only one left!
He's the reformed dealer though who wanted to turn himself in
He's used to me bringing home strange men.
Heat until very hot but do not boil.
Heat, in the sunlight, pressed in like an invisible crowd.
Heating for the room needs to be highered to 30 degrees Celsius
Heating is by individual gas-fired, forced warm air systems.
Heh, bunch of shines running around in dark caps waving their fists about some streetlight
Hell, Hoover told me one of the girls was a nymph
Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head
Hell, you all don't even acknowledge Islamism exists.
Hell, you been thinking about it so much it's driving you simple
Hello, my name is Barry and I called your service --
Help me connect my phone to the wifi
Help me control the different settings of my room
Help me figure out the WIFI password for this room
Help me figure out the check-in time
Help me figure out the current status of this room
Help me figure out the wifi for the room
Help me find a way to increase the room's temperature by 5 degrees
Help me find something to eat right now
Help me go to the home screen
Help me reach the front desk
Help me remember what time check-out is
Help me turn off the AC  for now, I'll be leaving the hotel
Help me up, I feel kind of stiff.
Help me warm up the room
Help me with the check out
Help, I would like to pay for one more night
Help, the name under the reservation is misspelled. How can I check-in?
Helpless in that sense I can never be again.
Her best time to date is about 2:30.
Her door was locked and the key was missing.
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii.
Her husband Ron does lighting and sound for the productions.
Her lips, moist and parted, spoke his name.
Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests.
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward.
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles.
Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter's future.
Her second child, a boy, Alexander, is due Wednesday.
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up.
Her voice shook with feeling, and he thought it lovely.
Her words remained with him, worrying him for hours.
Here I am face to face with the primeval stuff.
Here I can write more frequently than once a month.
Here I do not mean catharsis, the discharge of emotion.
Here I'll give you the money I won, three thousand four hundred
Here again 'God will know his own'.
Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled.
Here are some quotes from some world-renowned prosperity gospel preachers.
Here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings
Here they are, with my comments and judgments.
Here they did not need to be in ghettos.
Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years.
Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking.
Here you are showing your ignorance of forestry science.
Here you go, kid, you call whoever you want
Here's some ideas to help you stay true to tradition.
Here's where our hearts start to warm some more.
Here's where you're to call me, day or night
Here, if anywhere, it is not wholly incontrovertible.
Here, the choice is that between the horns of a dilemma.
Here, too, the reality of actual furniture must be experienced.
Heroin offered a similar, but much cheaper, high.
Hey man, it's the neighbor's house, who breaks in through the neighbor's house?
Hey,  that's cute. Do you have a nickname, something a little shorter?
Hey, Eddie Mack don't like no wackos on his street
Hey, I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street
Hey, another one for me and another one for the lady
Hey, by the way, I'm really sorry about your wife leaving you
Hey, do you guys ever feel like you don't belong here?
Hey, he's not gonna get all the glory today
Hey, if I got in a fight, would you have my back?
Hey, if Violet was helping me relax, I'd probably do the same thing
Hey, listen, I hear you guys are sitting on something sensational over there
Hey, we've got four more parties to hit
Hey, what's wrong with you darling, let me see your smile
Hey, you don't know what I can do
Hey, you know Henry Kissinger, he's down from Harvard
Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here?
High Standard has also added two models to its line.
High immunization levels explain the dramatic decrease in outbreaks.
High white dude's the only thing you could hustle
High winds blew down on them from the South Col.
High-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision.
Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas.
Higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues.
Highly capable, networked PCs are everywhere in the office environment.
Highly unusual, the elevator, you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstones
Hill hopes to encourage Canadians to acknowledge their historical culpability.
Hillary went first, cutting steps in the snow.
Him sends his booful li'l sweetums a billion oceans full of kisses
Hired himself a crew, promised each man an equal share
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly.
His bridgework or his plates feel loose and monstrous.
His campaign stops were conducted like a Hollywood production.
His charges would be added to the cost of materials.
His counterpoint is pertinent, skillful, and rarely thick.
His dark brows, which had been lowered in anger, smoothed.
His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies.
His expenses ran another four or five thousand.
His eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic.
His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown.
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea.
His face pale, Summers headed for the street.
His face was bloated with drugging, redder than normal.
His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife.
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned.
His head came up and he said it defiantly.
His head torch went out, and everything was dark.
His incentive for keeping the grueling schedule is independence.
His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy.
His job simply consisted in registering new men.
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard.
His kids are all suing each other over his estate
His lack of success steadily eroded his interest.
His melodic style, personal warmth and inspirational wisdom are unrivaled.
His mother said nothing and put her arms around him.
His mother was nudging him, but he was still falling.
His movements and speech are precise, clear and quick.
His name had been crossed off a list.
His name is Will Turner, that's all I found out
His older siblings include Pat, Jim, and Emma Jean.
His other activities are not so easily recovered.
His parents tried to make him feel better.
His passing has left me with something of a dilemma
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition.
His plunder is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions.
His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless.
His presence would have interfered with her duty.
His problem concerns longitudes, latitudes, and angular velocities.
His problems are all in his own backyard.
His second conclusion, on semantic word classes, agrees with mine.
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable.
His shout had been taken up and repeated.
His small, mean eyes regarded Marty steadily, unblinkingly.
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly.
His stinking breath caused my eyes to run
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved.
His supporters are willing to overlook his ego.
His throat hurt, but he had to make himself drink.
His throat was worse; he could hardly breathe.
His visiting hurts relations with China, and Korea.
His voice had not commanded her to stop.
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled.
His was a burgomaster's Beethoven, solid and sensible.
His watch told him he was still early.
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard.
His wife, Heidi, and other daughter sat next to him.
His work began just six days after the flood.
Hold the phone to my ear, but don't nudge me
Hold up a second. We got a decision to make
Holden waved a hand at the empty street.
Home is the place to find the comforts of home.
Honestly, like this table we're sitting at is rarely empty.
Honestly, this was much more than I anticipated.
Honey, I love you but you're going to have to get a hold of yourself
Hope that this brings prosperity to our brother nation.
Hope they continue the program in the fall.
Hoped-for legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever.
Hopefully, you avoid political rhetoric to describe yourself.
Hotel information should be closed now that I'm done reading about it
Hotel reservation check-in time
Housing is available if travel time is unreasonable.
How I wish I could forever remain a child!
How am I going to break this to Bob Hope?
How are the roads, and how will they stand up?
How are you going to get everything done?
How big is my hotel room in inches?
How can Cardenas possibly think he can build a case against two consenting adults?
How can I access service information?
How can I check all the amenities at this hotel?
How can I check the password for the room's wifi?
How can I check the status of this room?
How can I decrease the room's temperature?
How can I extend the date of my check out?
How can I find the information regarding my room status?
How can I increase the room's temperature?
How can I make sure this room's temperature doesn?셳 go below 50 degrees Fahrenheit?
How can I make this room colder? Drop the temperature by  10 degrees
How can I reach the front desk?
How can I request more bath amenities
How can I turn off the main menu?
How can I use the phone in my hotel room to make outgoing calls?
How can I verify the checkout time? 
How can a big time heart guy leave no trace of himself?
How can we increase the temperature of the room by 5 degrees?
How can we know who is truly good and who is evil
How can we make sense of this division?
How can we watch the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain show tonight?
How come I can't use the internet on my phone in the lobby?
How could it have been thirty years already, she wondered?
How did I get to be sixty-five so fast?
How did he break the news to the other guys?
How did they manage to do that without any communication?
How did they miss him when they got Slater?
How do I call another hotel room with my hotel phone?
How do I check if the heater is working right now?
How do I check out online?
How do I find out the number to the front desk? 
How do I get onto the KTX for my trip to Busan?
How do I get wifi connection?
How do I increase the temperature in this room?
How do I know that this room is currently at room temperature?
How do I make the room warmer? Increase the overall temperature by 10 degrees
How do I notify the hotel that I will be arriving after the check-in time?
How do I place my order for room service
How do I request room service?
How do I set this place to room temperature?
How do I turn on all the lights for the room?
How do you explain the risks you take to them?
How do you know he won't wake up sometime and follow you
How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom?
How do you look at Indian cricket's journey?
How do you say thank you and excuse me in Korean?
How do you walk on the round moon?
How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan?
How does the hotel know if I have checked out of my room?
How far of a walk is the Uncle's Grilled Fish from here?
How fast is the wifi for this room?
How had the Benetton Group grown so successful?
How is our daily plan progressing so far 
How is our little find the wench a date plan progressing?
How long do you think he'll stay there?
How long is the Cheonggyechon walkway and how long will it take to walk it?
How low can I set the thermostat?
How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy?
How many countries of Europe did your ancestors come from?
How many key cards can I request for my room?
How many people did you cut up with the couple of with it?
How many rooms are available on my floor?
How many shares will be around in 1995?
How much did he give you, how much did he keep for himself?
How much does a child's and adult's admission to Children's Grand Park cost?
How much should a fair taxi ride from the hotel to Gwanghwamun cost?
How much time is left on the timer?
How much were you going to pay me to do the job?
How much will I get in won if I exchange 50 HKD?
How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating?
How much will it cost to get unlimited WiFi access in my hotel room?
How quaint it all seemed the next day.
How useful will it be to the public?
How well does LSU's recruiting haul hit their roster?
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson?
How would you like to have a drink with me and my friends?
How'd you find out that we're looking for a Santa?
How'd you like it if someone sneaked into your house and watched you
How're you going to hide from a guy like that, leave the planet?
How's about mosaic tile, ceramics or similar arts and crafts?
How's that for the beginning of the third act?
How's the grid around the storage facility holding up?
How, I asked, could chaos be admitted to chaos?
How, he wondered, does one enjoy one's spare time?
However now he is on to another task.
However our ideas disagree, as I've said before, I'm not a coward!
However, Haney knew it was not a dream.
However, I am recommending that development work on the B-70 air-frame and engines be continued.
However, South Africa would not really have a leapfrogging effect.
However, StatesWest isn't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa.
However, as a field measurement, it is open to question.
However, as usual, you have missed the point.
However, electrostatic focus, important for many applications, has not been realized for these devices.
However, he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position.
However, if he continues to be unwell, you may report to me
However, in some ways, this is a good thing.
However, no diagram of her brain patterns, no early I.Q.
However, one does not need to know very much.
However, some formulas are used more than others.
However, talks with the Slovenian authorities are still ongoing.
However, technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots.
However, that doesn't mean they can benefit from the vaccine.
However, that is not all he has to do.
However, the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever.
However, the litter remained, augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers.
However, the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain.
However, the use of tripods is not allowed.
However, there is a crucial difference between the two histories.
However, there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating.
However, there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss.
However, they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures.
However, this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever.
Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer.
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty.
Huge glob-flakes hitting the ground, piling higher and higher.
Humble people who honor the mosquito and the cockroach.
Hundreds came out to congratulate the girls during Saturday's festivities.
Hunt conducted a bifurcated trial on the church's defenses.
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy.
I actually have the original 78 of it in my collection
I almost got my ass blown off twice tonight for nothing
I already told you I'm not going to give you a ride
I also had and have feelings about Garibaldi.
I also use olive oil which is low in fat.
I also woke up many times during the night
I am a man in every sense of the word.
I am about to check out
I am anxious to know my cholesterol level
I am checking in very late, do I need to tell the concierge? 
I am choosing the last option available
I am desperate to see Africa, but I hate the leaving
I am done looking at the alarm menu
I am done trying to change the status of this room, please close screen now
I am done trying to plan the unplannable
I am done using the alarm screen
I am done with the alarm function
I am done with the alarm menu
I am done with the alarm page
I am done with the alarm screen
I am done with the alarm window
I am done with the amenities
I am done with the amenities list
I am done with the concierge screen
I am done with the help page
I am done with the timer
I am feeling quite full
I am feeling very unwell right now so can you help me?
I am finished with the alarm screen
I am finished with the alarm window
I am finished with the concierge screen
I am finished with the help page
I am finished with the timer
I am full now, exit out of room service
I am getting deaf, I must admit it.
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares.
I am getting pretty tired of all this suspicion
I am glad to finally find something we can agree.
I am going to choose the first one
I am going to give you a prescription for your pneumonia
I am going to make her a mix CD
I am going to need a wakeup call
I am going to pick number one
I am going to pick the 3rd one from the options shown on the screen
I am going to select number one
I am going to select the first one
I am grateful for her commitment to excellent work.
I am having a hard time hailing a cab outside
I am interested in viewing traditional Korean art and works
I am looking for a good nightlife hot spot
I am never fighting a guy like him that's what's the matter
I am not a basketball court or a paved road.
I am not getting any internet signal in my hotel room
I am not really sure what to do with my last day here
I am not taking from them what is not mine.
I am not very sure. Just buy four decent sized pieces
I am on the lookout for a Korean aesthetics place to get a Korean facial
I am only 44 years old, so I cannot relate.
I am placing a request for a pencil
I am planning on going caf梨?hopping today so do you have any suggestions?
I am pleased that the media are here in strength.
I am prepared to check out
I am putting the WiFi password in but it's not working
I am ready for bed, please turn off all the lights in this room
I am ready to check out
I am ready to risk my life to prove it possible
I am ready to sleep now, please turn off the lights in this room
I am requesting bath amenities
I am requesting room amenities
I am running late so can I get assistance packing my suitcases?
I am selecting the third option to the left
I am set to checkout
I am so sick and tired of apologizing and not knowing what I've done!
I am sure he is in raptures.
I am sure it is not the best thing to fight
I am sure life will get better for them.
I am traveling with a child. Will this affect my reservations?
I am trying to tell you I do not resent you
I am trying to tell you I have no personal feelings about you
I am your friend, and I'm worried sick about you
I answered to find Nadine at the other end.
I apologize but I need some cleaning services in room 404
I apologize if I seem forward, but I must speak my mind
I apologize to all the cows around here.
I arrived at 7:00 a.m. and by 9:00 a.m.
I ask the guys if the songs are companion pieces.
I ask you all to support me in this.
I asked her about it years later, and, yeah, that was the signal
I asked her to stop, to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants.
I asked one day what he was doing.
I assume you have heard of his family
I assumed they'd start paying me at the higher grade on the next pay cheque
I ate the usual things, but I lost five pounds recently
I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul.
I believe I am in good company in this view.
I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961.
I believe he wasn't aware that he was ingesting cocaine
I believe in priority for service-connected disabled veterans in admission to VA hospitals.
I believe it wasn't too far away from your home.
I believe she had plans for both our bodies to be found in close proximity
I believe that something happened here and I want to do something about it
I believe you and I met for a reason
I bet the ex-principle was front row at every game.
I bet they have tons of incredible shoes hidden in the back
I bet you will never forget those words of praise.
I bet you're real good at hitting targets through crowds
I bobbed my head each time it appeared.
I buried my son today and I'm very tired
I called Victoria from the cab, and we broke up
I came here from a long distance to stay at the building
I came here to support you as a friend, and frankly, I'm sick of trying
I can arrange for the Queen to take Fernando and Diego into her service
I can drop you back here to pick mine up.
I can get you a firm of private eyes to follow her for you
I can give you my card, if your clients want to call me
I can give you one thing that he was in love with her
I can hear some of you folks protesting.
I can just take her right across the street to Luther's hotel
I can never repay all that I've done.
I can never stop loving her, not even for a second
I can see it from this window where I write.
I can see what you looked like as a kid
I can take the insults; I can take the name-calling
I can tell by the way you look at me
I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset
I can treat him any way I want to because I'm an adult
I can write that yarn without stepping out of the office
I can't and I won't be able to stop
I can't answer you just because you want me to answer you!
I can't believe I remembered that, although I suppose I should
I can't believe I told Kendall you guys were cool
I can't believe a person could actually live like this
I can't believe he has been practicing serious crimes
I can't believe he would make such a sacrifice for us
I can't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me
I can't believe she's making you wait a whole month
I can't believe they have him for the opening act and not the headliner
I can't believe we didn't do this before
I can't believe you got divorced without telling us
I can't believe you went to the beach without me
I can't connect to the wifi
I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend
I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are
I can't feel the heat in this room
I can't find the check out info
I can't find the password to my room's WiFi network anywhere
I can't get the internet to work in my room
I can't go if Kat doesn't go for the place
I can't help wondering, Jack, why you're being so helpful and all?
I can't imagine what made you do such a thing
I can't let you put it in me now but I want you
I can't make an entire life disappear to start a new one
I can't notice the cold air coming from the vents
I can't pretend to be your husband because David's in great shape
I can't relate to humanity either, but I don't think it's totally hopeless
I can't remember the wifi
I can't remember the wifi password
I can't see anything, I want to increase the brightness of the room
I can't seem to connect to the wifi 
I can't seem to connect to the wifi, can you show me again?
I can't shake this feeling that nothing about me makes any sense
I can't sign into the internet anywhere in my room
I can't talk to anybody right now, can't you see I'm busy!
I can't tell you how horrible it's been, to know this belonged to my husband
I can't tell you how much I am disappointed
I can't wait until the strike is over.
I can't wiggle my nose or say a magic word and make him go away
I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me.
I cannot believe how in love I am with this man
I cannot believe that she gave him her number
I cannot believe you just told him that
I cannot set you up unless you have a compatibility rating of 7
I changed my mind, I don???want to eat
I chose differently and I am sure glad I did!
I chuckled aloud, and the mouthpiece fell out.
I command the screen to turn off now
I could and should have been booked for wholesale robbery.
I could be convinced to abandon my writing
I could copy any thing he put in front of me
I could get along without that three dollars.
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine.
I could let this die with the rest of me, I suppose
I could never forgive what you've done to me and my child
I could never move because I've got too much stuff
I could not work full-time without this program.
I could see it in your eyes today in the courtroom
I could start with your haircut, but it doesn't matter
I couldn't be sure he was still asleep.
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em.
I couldn't make out what his racket was.
I couldn't swear to ever detail but it's certainly true that it is a story
I couldn't take it if he keeps me here over the weekend
I currently need to use a pencil
I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age.
I definitely am drawn to writing comedy, he said.
I definitely think it's worth the time, Masters said.
I demand a concierge
I demand a taxi
I demand a wakeup call tomorrow
I did get you on the platform this morning.
I did not know it was so dangerous to look into a woman's bedroom
I did not know you were so beautiful
I did not take any of the recommended paracetamol.
I didn't always used to be that way.
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else
I didn't ask you to stand in the middle of the road
I didn't bother to tell you until I had everything worked out
I didn't come here tonight to make you jealous
I didn't get a good look at him either, but he sure looked at me
I didn't have any of the experiences I set out to
I didn't have time to get a window, but I found this key
I didn't know where she was going to lead you
I didn't know you were going to give me electric shocks
I didn't know you were into that sort of thing
I didn't much care if she were there or not.
I didn't see her until a week later
I didn't think there was any reason to.
I didn't think there were private detectives anymore, except on TV
I didn't think you would have any interest in this get together
I didn't want a piece of yours, I wanted my own
I didn't want her back on that broken record.
I didn't want to be like that, mean and bitter.
I do like the phone's subtle sound themes.
I do not know how the fuck you lasted an hour in this job!
I do not trust six hundred thousand dollars of coca to someone I don't know
I don't advertise it, but I volunteer here
I don't agree that the renovations went that well.
I don't agree with it at all actually, she said.
I don't believe it's the pace because it couldn't be the pace
I don't care if either of you ever get caught
I don't care where it goes just as long as I'm on it
I don't care who she ends up being, you never use that word again
I don't even like you, why would I want to be you?
I don't even own the house I'm standing in.
I don't even wanna know where you been all day
I don't even want to imagine the things you've seen
I don't ever want to do a mediocre job.
I don't feel hot air blowing
I don't feel like eating now
I don't have a reservation number. Will this be a problem during check in? 
I don't have an appetite anymore
I don't have much money with me right now
I don't have to fact-check my unorganized thoughts.
I don't know I'd like to do anything
I don't know about you, but I could use a drink
I don't know all information about this room yet
I don't know all the information about this room yet
I don't know anything about how you work this
I don't know anything about this hotel, give me an introduction
I don't know how you get out of the house at night
I don't know if I can prosecute or not, but I think maybe I can
I don't know if I explained about the TV option
I don't know if it's something I can explain to you
I don't know if it's the one branch or all
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert
I don't know what goes on, I don't wanna know
I don't know what it is, but margaritas make me sexy
I don't know what we're going to do, Miss Sarah.
I don't know where they got this idea.
I don't know who you love more, her or me
I don't know why I was so scared of this
I don't know why I'm so tired all of a sudden
I don't know why you didn't tell me about this
I don't know why, but I'm going to let you keep it
I don't know you and I got nothing to say to you
I don't know, Frank, but don't you think that's something we should find out?
I don't know, I had the sheriff here from Terrell County
I don't know, Look at this blood smear
I don't know, but I think you'd better find out, don't you?
I don't know, but the back up generator should've kicked in
I don't know, but we have plenty of chocolate here
I don't know, but when we find her she's gonna die for it
I don't know, she keeps screamin' the same thing over and over
I don't know, the words won't come out
I don't know, you think Eddie will give me his autograph?
I don't like anything on the menu, close the screen
I don't mean any offense but what are you doing mixed up in all this?
I don't need a drink anymore, please turn off the menu
I don't need any updates on the rooms status
I don't need anymore specifics about my room
I don't need details on this hotel anymore, close immediately
I don't need information on the status of this room
I don't need the alarm menu
I don't need the alarm screen
I don't need the amenities screen
I don't need the concierge app
I don't need the concierge app anymore
I don't need the help page
I don't need the help page anymore
I don't need the menu anymore
I don't need the screen with the hotel introduction anymore
I don't need the timer anymore
I don't need the timer app
I don't need the wakeup alarm anymore
I don't need the wakeup call
I don't need the wakeup call anymore
I don't need to eat anymore
I don't need to know anymore information regarding the hotel room
I don't need to know information regarding the hotel room
I don't need to see the information provided on the screen anymore
I don't plan out every second of my life, like you do
I don't quite know how to put this
I don't really know much but bits and pieces
I don't really know you yet, Sandy, What do you like?
I don't really like this, to be honest.
I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion
I don't remember if my hotel room is a non-smoking area
I don't remember what time I should check-out from my room
I don't respect the other people in this studio.
I don't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin
I don't see how that trash could possibly concern me
I don't see why I shouldn't be in this tournament
I don't shed tears over the past, I look to the future
I don't think I can check out by the time I am supposed to
I don't think it has, but I'd like to check that
I don't think she'll want me to do that.
I don't think that this is the time, or the place
I don't think the AC is blowing strong enough
I don't think the iron is working properly
I don't think the room is dark enough
I don't think the thermostat in my room is not working properly
I don't think this is a nice place for you to be
I don't think we have a whole lot to say to each other
I don't think we should make any fuss about it yet
I don't think we'll have any more of this agitation
I don't think we'll need to shock you, but just in case
I don't think you can be Mr. Nice-guy anymore
I don't think you understand how I really feel about you
I don't think you'll find many active Christian salesmen.
I don't think you'll have time for that drink after all
I don't wanna leave all this, I just wanna leave Marty
I don't want any lights in the room
I don't want the AC to stop running
I don't want the bedside lights to be turned on anymore
I don't want the front desk to make a copy of my ID, is there another way to check-in to the hotel?
I don't want the men to have lost respect for you
I don't want the wake up call anymore
I don't want this room to have air conditioning
I don't want to be cold anymore, turn off the AC
I don't want to know how to say that though
I don't want to look at the hotel  information page anymore
I don't want to see the list of amenities anymore
I don't want to see you for awhile
I don't want you to go anywhere until you have a definite plan
I don't want you to see me pissed
I don???require the guide anymore
I don???want light enter from the window
I don???want to look at room service options
I don???want to look at the menu anymore
I don???want to see the help page
I don???want to use room service
I don?셳 need the screen with the room status anymore
I don?셳 need to know the condition of my room anymore
I don?셳 require the guide anymore
I don?셳 think this room needs the heating anymore
I don?셳 want the bathroom lights on anymore
I don?셳 want this room to have heating
I don?셳 want to go to the front desk, how can I check out? 
I don?셳 want to see the help page
I don?셳 want to see the status of my room anymore
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today.
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them.
I drew back, drawing back my foot for a kick.
I dropped into the doctor's office, picked up my forms.
I dropped the sheet, glanced at my watch.
I engaged more and more in religious activities.
I enjoy giving up my evenings to spend time with clients
I enjoy reading my Patriot every Friday morning.
I enjoyed seeing the shock on their poor faces when they realized who I was
I enjoyed the people in the cathedral, he said.
I even wonder if it's in violation of sunshine laws.
I feel as though I've stepped into a time warp
I feel cold, is the heater on right now?
I feel comfortable in a room where it is 78 degrees Fahrenheit
I feel exactly the same way about Democrats.
I feel like I'm going to die when he leaves
I feel so bad for your family for the loss.
I feel that his opinion is valid in substantiating the character of the Miss Lawson
I fell in love last night the real thing
I felt a rib crack but I never made a sound
I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up.
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man.
I felt good and satisfied, looking at the snake.
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence.
I felt wonderful, the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy.
I figure the phone is off the hook, that's why I come rushing over here
I figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect
I finally get here and we're taking her out for a walk
I find no use for the page with the hotel information, please close now
I find this life I have to be very small.
I followed him out through the lobby to the street.
I forgot my ID, can I still check-in?
I forgot the password for the wifi
I forgot the password to this room's wifi
I forgot the wifi password, could you show it to me?
I found a way for you to help someone, to do some good
I found all information on this hotel
I found all the information I needed about my hotel room
I found all the information I needed, please close the main menu
I found everything I've been looking for so close the deck, immediately
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately.
I gave them your number, hope you don't mind
I gave you 48 hours to come up with something and the clock's running
I generally make a fresh pot ever week even if there's some left over
I get myself half-killed for you and you reward me by stealing my stuff
I got a reputation for looking real sharp with the ladies
I got fired in this morning, where else am I going to take it?
I got hungry and lonesome, and I missed people.
I got in a little late this morning
I got rolled half and hour ago for everything I had
I got so upset by that, said Jerry.
I got there at 9:47 A.M., found her strangled.
I gotta take care of someone who's hurt here, in case you haven't noticed
I gotta think of something to talk to her about
I grok I shall never be lonely again.
I guarantee I could get you a date in like two seconds
I guess I can. I am done with my homework
I guess I could take her off your hands for an evening
I guess I got so interested in the play I forgot all about them
I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights
I guess I probably used to when I was your age
I guess I will go sign up for the Wednesday session tomorrow
I guess Mike's got some sort of sports practice in the afternoon
I guess Skipper Neilsen retired before you enrolled at the Academy, didn't he?
I guess everybody was anxious for new supplies, he said.
I guess he wants to ask you some questions.
I guess he wasn't too popular at the end there
I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything.
I guess she's not good enough for you
I guess some people have it and some don't
I guess someone still has her panties in a twist
I guess that passes for manners in your cracker view of things
I guess they don't build them like they used to
I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too
I guess you can never truly know someone else's heart
I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy
I guess you don't sleep in the same room
I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here
I guess you'd better go on in the morning.
I guess your evenings, whatever you do with them, are just too valuable
I had a beautiful figure before, McRae said recently.
I had a case of the clap two years ago
I had a family once, a wife and three daughters
I had a lot to be thankful for.
I had admired him long before I talked to him.
I had always thought she was so beautiful.
I had clients riding me all day long
I had done all I was going to do.
I had forgotten it, till you showed me her picture
I had it in my mind what you'd look like
I had no idea why I hung out with him
I had on only a topcoat, but I wasn't cold.
I had some questions about filling out these requisition forms
I had somehow remembered it being more his fault, his decision
I had to go back and confront him
I had to have the place sprayed when he left
I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different
I had to lie and tell them I already graduated
I had to promise them you were not a total fool
I had to ride a streetcar two miles.
I had to shake her to make her listen.
I had to stand up, with the ladies.
I had to tell you about these things in case it could help
I had to work a lot of overtime, even during the weekend
I hadn't chosen medicine -- it had chosen me.
I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year.
I happen to have a very powerful brain
I happen to think it should be there.
I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property
I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats.
I hated you when I first came in.
I have a bad dust allergy so can you vacuum the carpets thoroughly?
I have a balance left on my temporary transit card
I have a cold, I need Kleenex
I have a feeling Victoria's gonna be around for a long time
I have a large gap of time before check-in, what can I do? 
I have a natural ability to find bad news.
I have a really bad record, I'm not sure what's going to happen
I have a wedding to plan in nine weeks for 200 people
I have all the information I need regarding my room
I have all the information I need. Close screen on hotel facilities 
I have all the information I need. Please log out of the room status screen
I have an amenities request for the bathroom
I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted
I have been over there to show support.
I have been trying to solve this physics problem
I have dreams for the turbine, he said.
I have everything I need, I don?셳 need amenities
I have finished looking at the screen with the room status
I have finished with the alarm screen
I have found all the information I've been looking for, please close the screen now
I have had this persistent cough for the last two weeks
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth.
I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone
I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be calling me
I have no idea what that's all about
I have no intention of ever taking your precious daughter out again in her life
I have no one but myself to worry about.
I have no use for the home screen anymore
I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom
I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell.
I have over six thousand eight hundred marks with me
I have reviewed the menu, please exit the screen
I have sat and chatted while they eat.
I have sent my voice forth, in the poems attached.
I have sent you information I found from Ancestry.
I have so many great memories of that place
I have some friends I would like you to meet
I have some packages to send by air mail but I need them weighed
I have some questions about the checkout process
I have some security information about the prime minister.
I have the impression that I didn't change that much
I have the same resemblance of what he does.
I have the strangest feeling I've met you before
I have this great idea and you guys have to be all skeptical
I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine
I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes
I have to fix something, send over a mending kit
I have to give them a percentage of what I make!
I have to help out in my father's hardware store
I have to lay the phone down and pretend to be asleep
I have to respectfully disagree with you ma'am.
I have to sign up for it first
I have to talk to you in a second about that
I have to wait at least, like, forever
I haven't got the money so what are you going to do about it?
I haven't printed out my reservation number. Can I check it? 
I haven't used wooden shutters in clients' homes in ages.
I hear he ditched you and moved to Europe
I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs.
I heard Rachel screaming and then she stopped all of a sudden
I heard of Seoullo 7017 but I'm not sure what it is
I heard that we could get a Kpop dance lesson and video making session somewhere
I honked a couple of times but he didn't stop
I hope brunette mummy is at Rhyme Time next week.
I hope we have enough stuff to do the job
I hope you don't perform any of those dreadful torture experiments, Nathan
I hope you realize what kind of long shot you're chasing after
I hope you won't mind me giving you a friendly piece of advice
I hope you'll judge him by his reputation
I hope you're right, but my guts are telling me different
I hoped we could take care of this quietly tonight
I huddled miserably beside him in the truck.
I joined 'work group 56' to help with the clean-up.
I just I just don't want everything in my life to be decided already
I just I just really wanted to see if I could get this
I just call her up on the phone and ask her out on a date?
I just came out here to know it.
I just can't figure out how he's getting in when I'm awake
I just can't get over the incredible magic!
I just can't get over the size of that ring
I just don't know what that looks like yet.
I just don't think we have much to say to each other
I just don't want to screw that up right now
I just got in a couple hours ago
I just gotta take care of a few things, okay?
I just had a great idea for a screenplay
I just had to tell him some of what I knew
I just hope I live long enough to see it.
I just hope the battery on this phone holds out
I just hope you understand you're among good people here
I just need to do this before settling down forever
I just need to know if I can get in
I just need to make this room slightly warmer. Increase the temperature by 3 degrees
I just picked the one that sounded the easiest
I just returned from a five day trip to Mississippi.
I just think it might be important to explore your feelings for Lila
I just think there are too many out there saying  This is mine
I just think you could make some time for your son
I just thought that maybe I can make some money for a few years
I just want everybody here to know I'm not a pirate
I just want to know what prompted you to make the call?
I just want to make sure I convince you not to give up yet
I just want to remind you of your promise
I just want to see you as much as I can
I just wanted to ask him a few questions, that's all
I just wanted to hear you say so.
I just wanted to let you know that everything was all right
I just wanted to see if you were all right
I just wanted to tell you that I very much enjoy working with you
I just, I have to run to the bathroom
I kept this story short and to the point, and you guys still missed it
I kept trying to get him to take my money.
I knew I'd come all the way here and be shut out as usual!
I knew then, knew with a heart-stopping shock.
I knew what I was doing but I couldn't stop
I knew you were a loser the first night I laid eyes on you
I knew you'd come, but my strength has left me
I know I'm strange, but in my own way, I love you
I know I've missed a couple lately, but we said we'd always be there for the big moments
I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child
I know enough information about this hotel, close page now
I know everything I need to know about this hotel
I know he's talked to her, Ramsey said.
I know how badly I acted, how unfair I was
I know how ugly you can be, you're capable of anything
I know now that life is never that simple
I know that guest list backwards and forwards
I know that it's sudden, but check it
I know the darkness and cruelty of nature, sweetie pie
I know they're gonna make it look like I did it
I know this from my talks with him.
I know where he is, right near here.
I know where it's going to be, and I'm going to take it
I know whose blood you need, to end the curse
I know why you're not taken, no one can catch up with you
I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure
I know you don't approve of the subject being raised
I know you guys have been traveling a lot, but you're coming
I know you would give anything to be outside again
I know you're lying, Jimmy, but it's nice to hear it
I know, but she wants you to represent her if Cardenas files
I know, but, I mean, we hardly hang out anymore anyway
I learned quite a few interesting facts about the countries.
I left my ID at home, how can I check-in to the hotel? 
I left my form of payment for the reservation. Can I still check-in?
I left some valuables in my room but I can't find them anymore
I like rain even more in July, August and September.
I like to know what my boys are up to
I like to talk to the person who runs the service
I like what I do, I enjoy doing it
I lived in a state of suspense because of it.
I love a Scotch that's old enough to order its own Scotch
I love looking through the Irish jewelry, said Karen.
I love teaching and I love being with the students.
I love these shoes, but the pain-to-hotness ratio is pretty steep
I love this jacket and that cigarette holder of yours
I love to dream, I just hate ones about my dad
I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training
I made one post asking people to wait and see.
I made time and picked him up within ten blocks.
I make enough money to eat and buy old records
I may be wrong, but I think you've got a little crush on this guy
I mean I don't know what you want me to do
I mean I wouldn't want to wake anyone up
I mean did he take you up to his room with him?
I mean do you really believe your incidental thoughts matter?
I mean he often goes out for a drink
I mean it doesn't sound like it could be much worse
I mean that this flat tire was a sign
I mean yes, he's clean but he's also other things
I mean, I don't know where he is, but he ain't dead
I mean, I kind of like the rusty taste
I mean, I know he apologized for it but it's just It's not easy to forgive
I mean, if we kiss, all of this becomes real
I mean, isn't that worth all the other experiences combined?
I mean, it's sort of pathetic, but I planned it
I mean, it's what you've always wanted
I mean, maybe your computer will help, maybe it won't, but it'll happen
I mean, she's still living, and she's ninety-six.
I mean, the most I can handle right now is something casual
I mean, the whole point was not to rush into this
I mean, this one guy just wouldn't leave me alone
I mean, where is my forty acres and a mule?
I mean, you can't get much more important than that!
I mean, you can't logic your way into or out of it
I mean, you don't exactly have the build for a football
I might have to hang onto that for the time being
I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite
I miss staying out late and making messes and not cleaning them up
I miss the downtime when nobody knew who I was.
I most generally don't start before noon, but this looks like an exception
I must either go up or go down.
I must have a wakeup call tomorrow
I must have an alarm clock
I must say the figure was well made up.
I must see the concierge app
I must speak to a concierge
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once.
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms.
I need a call to wake me up in the morning
I need a concierge
I need a couple of bobby pins so I was hoping the hotel has some
I need a different time for my wakeup call
I need a face towel
I need a good workout
I need a highlighter sent to my room
I need a mechanical pencil
I need a mechanical pencil sent to my room
I need a new towel
I need a pencil
I need a timer
I need a two week escrow and I'm already approved for the loan
I need a wake up call for Thursday at 6:30PM
I need a wake up call tomorrow
I need a wakeup alarm
I need a wakeup call
I need a wakeup call at 6:45 AM
I need a wakeup call at exacty 6:30 AM
I need amenities
I need an alarm for Tuesday 8 o'clock AM
I need an alarm for tomorrow 8:30 AM
I need an alarm to wake up
I need an ambulance right away
I need an envelope
I need assistance with the check out
I need assistance, please call for help
I need check out details for the hotel
I need check out information for the hotel
I need check-in details
I need check-in details for the hotel
I need check-in information
I need check-in information for the hotel
I need check-out details
I need check-out information
I need check-out information for the hotel
I need concierge services
I need conditioner sent to the room
I need dental floss
I need dry cleaning
I need facility information
I need help making ticket reservations
I need help placing my order for room service
I need help with the check-in. Is there a brochure available?
I need more information on hotel facilities
I need more ventilation in this room
I need my trash thrown out
I need pull-out beds
I need room amenities
I need room amenities, please provide me with conditioner
I need room cleaning service
I need some amenities
I need some more bathroom items
I need some more conditioner sent up to my room
I need some over-the-counter medicine but I don't know where the pharmacy is
I need some post-its
I need some post-its to write down a few names
I need someone to empty the trash can
I need something to blow my nose with
I need something to cut with
I need something to help me check my weight
I need something to help with the thirst
I need something to pack my things with
I need the AC to be much stronger
I need the ambulance right away
I need the ambulance to get here as soon as possible
I need the bathroom lights turned off
I need the heating system to be turned on
I need the room cleaned
I need the temperature to decrease by 2 degrees
I need the weather for this location
I need this afternoon's weather forecast
I need this room to be warmer
I need to access the concierge app
I need to adjust the brightness of the lights
I need to alleviate my dehydration
I need to be awake at 6AM tomorrow
I need to be woken up at 4AM on Thursday
I need to check out now
I need to checkout
I need to evaluate the benefits versus the losses.
I need to exchange a thousand US dollars into Korean won
I need to get daily wake up calls for 9AM
I need to get new glasses as soon as possible
I need to get to Gangnam by 2 PM today
I need to get to the ER, immediately
I need to give you my word when yours is worth nothing
I need to have a morning call scheduled for 9AM tomorrow
I need to have a radiator in my room
I need to know check-in time for my reservation
I need to know check-out time for my reservation
I need to know if you think there's anything unusual about him
I need to know the weather for Tuesday
I need to know the weather for today
I need to know today's weather
I need to know what the wifi password is
I need to memo something
I need to put bread on the list before I forget
I need to request a wake up call
I need to see the help page
I need to set up a morning call for 9AM
I need to shave
I need to take a look at the help page
I need to talk to a concierge
I need to use a computer but I don't have one of my own
I need to use an air purifier during my stay
I need to view the help page
I need to write down a reservation number
I need tomorrow's weather for this location
I need you to arrange a 12 AM wakeup call for me
I need you to come up to Dutchess County and pick me up
I need you to give me a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I need you to give me a wakeup call on Sunday
I need you to pause the timer
I need you to power through the pain
I need you to prepare a wakeup call for 9AM Monday
I need you to replace these two bathrobes
I need you to time something
I need your support, your criticism, your encouragement, your prayers.
I never felt such a lowdown hound in my life.
I never get involved with coworkers, but he asked me and I said yes
I never heard my folks talk about her, though.
I never imagined a George Bush administration would nationalize banks.
I never left a source hung out to dry, ever
I never seen the guy get shot, I told you that
I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came
I never took out anybody who didn't have it coming
I never wanted any of it to change, but that's not how life works
I never would've taught you to read
I no longer need information about hotel menu
I no longer need the menu
I no longer want air conditioner for this room
I no longer want heating for this room
I no longer want to have the ceiling lights on
I no longer want to use room service
I no longer wish to be on this page, exit the home screen
I no longer wish to check the status of this room
I no longer wish to see the room status
I now know more about their affair than I remember about my marriage
I only came down here 'cause you wouldn't take my call
I only had a few minor complaints about this movie.
I only moved here in April, and I'm always working
I opened the door again but it was gone
I opened the window and threw the radish out.
I ought to have you and your friend thrown out
I pick both 1 and 2 from the list
I picked up a dozen for closer inspection.
I prefer to go with the fourth option
I prefer to have the sucker die at a more convenient location
I prefer to sleep without any lights on
I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows
I promise you that wasn't a joke and you have to call her back
I promise you're out of your mind
I pushed at his shoulder, calling his name.
I put this down to a very comfortable Liverpool win.
I quickly turned around and began to drink.
I raised mine, now she has to raise hers.
I read on the campaign sign while driving to work.
I really appreciate your help, but this is hopeless
I really can't give out any information right now at this point
I really didn't mean to do anything but see you
I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now
I really need to make it rain this weekend
I really think I'm ready to stop being a me, and start being a we
I really think you need to calm down now, okay?
I really thought for a moment I was going to die
I really wanna keep talking but now's not a good time
I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800.
I refer to the attire worn by the students.
I refuse to answer the question on the grounds it might incriminate me
I regret that Bertha Madeira obtained incorrect information.
I remember because I was going to visit my sister for her birthday
I remember first hearing your name when I was studying at Oxford
I remember so very well the grave side service.
I remembered Coit Tower and it led me straight to you
I remembered it was the Peeping Tom place.
I remind you, Senor Colon, that you are in no position to bargain with me
I repeat I do not support MDC's policies.
I repeat, two wrongs do not make a right.
I require a wakeup call at 7:50 PM
I require an external battery pack
I require assistance for the check out
I require more conditioner
I said I would do it for her.
I sat in Municipal Court eight more years.
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there.
I saw it eight years ago, when we made the crossing from England
I saw it, I think I watched the whole thing happen
I saw that one too, what a classic.
I saw that woman's apron behind the door.
I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building, laughing with Frank
I saw them two months ago at my cousin Bonzo's wedding
I saw what you did for that guy
I saw you talking to that bridesmaid last night
I say let us make it a real show.
I scratch any more tonight I'm gonna have carpal tunnel syndrome
I see a short, bald hipster, my mind goes straight to Moby
I see from your questionnaire that you don't have any immediate next of kin?
I see here that you started feeling tired two months ago
I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house
I see you do only what you take pleasure in doing
I send two men back for the other line
I shook him a little harder and made some noise.
I shoot when I see the whites of the eyes
I should be in love with her, but I'm not feeling that thing
I should have done this a long long time ago
I should have phoned, but I wanted to see you and be with you
I should know, I'm part of the problem.
I should not even be listening to you, since my council said no
I should think that would be obvious at this point
I should've told you it was the blood of Christ
I shuddered and backed out of the room.
I simply want the processes to be followed properly.
I sort of invited him along to bend an elbow
I spent my first two days avoiding St. Mark's Square.
I spent my weekend looking for someone who does not exist
I spoke to him with reason and compassion
I stared at him for a long time.
I start to write an article and I find myself writing it to you
I started feeling tired about two months ago
I still can't get over that his outfit looks like actor
I still feel warm. Please turn up the AC
I still have no idea how to do it
I still haven't figured out the WIFI information of my room
I still haven't taken it all in yet.
I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls
I still think that it's a bad sign I never found that locket
I stole them when I was interviewing Babykins about Bobo
I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice.
I suppose I could phone the store in the morning, and say I'm sick
I suppose I knew that was going to be what you would say
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later
I suppose we were cold, but we didn't feel it.
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking
I take back the wakeup call request
I take it all back, everything I've said about you
I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much?
I taught him, dammit, and I'll teach you.
I tell you those guys know what time it is
I think Frank has taken her husband and her son
I think I am going to need to make a doctor's appointment
I think I can manage one more favor for you.
I think I can understand why I'm disgusting to you
I think I know some of what is happening to you
I think I lost my wallet somewhere in the hotel
I think I might have a problem with it.
I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron's love is pure
I think I'll give him a nice raise.
I think I'll have to go out and burn them off
I think I'll start reviving it tomorrow
I think I'll take the jalapenos out now, though.
I think I'm goin' to commence dedicatin' myself twice daily
I think I'm still dehydrated
I think I'm the most comfortable when the room is 78 degrees Fahrenheit
I think after May 1 we will witness three changes.
I think he is holding them to make her do things for him
I think he's not cool with me moving in
I think if I had pain I'd be too happy to notice it
I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck.
I think it was my tone of voice more than anything else that sold you
I think it would be much better if you went away
I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate
I think it's important to help the less fortunate
I think it's okay to switch off the screen for now
I think it's pretty clear what that means
I think it's time for a more active type of involvement
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before.
I think my case will be long on talk and short on action
I think my feelings for Robin may be resurfacing
I think my other guest may disagree with you
I think my soul just threw up a little bit
I think running this pipeline would be a difficult job for anyone
I think she is sweet on him
I think that wounds first need healing, not lecturing.
I think that's something people are fascinated by.
I think the 1 vs. 2 thing got us.
I think the AC is not strong enough
I think the heater needs to be turned off
I think the photo of Giselle is refreshing and beautiful.
I think the room is too dark, bring up the brightness in here
I think the thing to do is to kiss and make up - Mother
I think the times might be interested, don't you?
I think the wind is not strong enough in this room, can you change the settings?
I think there is a lack of understanding, he said.
I think there's a problem with the heating, I want to check the status
I think these attributes cluster, but I have no evidence.
I think they're an asset to the area.
I think this epidemic could easily spread to our base
I think this may be a perfect moment
I think this room is missing a chair
I think we have everything quite under control now
I think we should meet Friday night at nine to talk about it
I think we were washed up and should have quit.
I think we're getting a little off the subject here
I think what we're trying to tell you that it happens all the time
I think you are too used to get your own way, Willie
I think you can get back to your rooms
I think you must go now the key is on the floor
I think you saw something that probably needs an explanation
I think you should definitely plan on spending the night here
I think you should get down there right away and check it out
I think you're the most attractive of all my parents' friends
I thought I made myself perfectly clear about this
I thought I was gonna have to take Wesley out and hose him down
I thought I'd just spend the day giving back, you know, doing some good
I thought he was the Air Force recruiter.
I thought it was mine, so I answered it
I thought that was pretty humorous, but I didn't laugh.
I thought that's what we were doing, asking questions
I thought we were gonna follow those bread crumbs back to my place
I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity
I thought you might get in on a morning train.
I thought you said you bought all that pudding
I thought you said you were doing to break it off
I thought you were done, so I took him out
I threw these parties because I wanted to see you
I told him he could bring a date to the wedding
I told you not to come in this lobby
I told you on the phone, I have to be moved in in two weeks
I told you there's nothing between Midge and me, nothing.
I took a deep breath, and the plunge.
I touched on matting of art in the last column.
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there.
I tried to turn away, but he pushed me to the floor
I tried to warn my daughter, but what can you do?
I trust you to do what it takes to get what you want
I trust you're moving us to a better space somewhere on campus
I turned around with the percolator in my hand.
I understand how you feel about the child.
I understand it's prom and the adrenaline's pumping, but not tonight
I understand that you will be appointing Governors for the islands?
I understand that you will soon be appointing Governors for the islands?
I understand you love her, but it was you and me who started this
I understand you're hurt, but you don't have to be cruel
I understand, Miss, that you have my son in your office
I used to sneak in their yard and steal their strawberries
I used to think I could at least some way put things right
I visited several shelters and came away very impressed.
I vow to cry less during this pregnancy
I vow to keep at least 80% of these vows
I vow to start watching hockey with you
I vow to stop shouting stuff at you when you're dumping out
I waited a few minutes and she sat up.
I wake up to discover I'd turned into a cat
I walked with him back to the entrance.
I wanna lay down some ground rules for tonight
I want a bunch of Panthers served up on a plate
I want a change in comforter
I want a different time for my wakeup alarm
I want a full update on the status of my room
I want a good look, so if you've got that kind of connection, great
I want a light meal. Please show me what's available
I want a list of amenities
I want a morning call scheduled at 8AM tomorrow
I want a timer
I want a timer for 60 minutes
I want a timer set for 30 seconds
I want a timer set up for 1 hour
I want a timer to measure 2 hours
I want a timer to run for 2 hours
I want a wakeup alarm set for 8 AM tomorrow
I want a wakeup call in the morning
I want a wakeup call tomorrow at exactly 8 AM
I want air conditioner off
I want air conditioner on
I want all the lights completely turned on
I want amenities
I want an 8 AM alarm active
I want an 8 AM alarm ready
I want an alarm for 8:30 PM
I want an alarm for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm for next Monday 3 PM
I want an alarm for tomorrow 8 AM
I want an alarm set for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want an alarm set up for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm to go off at 7 PM
I want an alert to go off at 8 o'clock
I want an alert to ring at 7 PM
I want check-in information
I want check-in information for the hotel
I want check-out information
I want check-out information for the hotel
I want concierge services
I want conditioner
I want eighteen bathrobes sent up to me
I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and- span and ship-shape!
I want facility information
I want heating off
I want heating on
I want house keeping
I want it built up in the daily action
I want more information on hotel facilities
I want my room not to have heating
I want my room to have heating
I want room cleaning
I want room service
I want see room status
I want see status of the room
I want some juice
I want some room amenities
I want some snacks throughout the night. What are my options?
I want someone for room cleaning
I want the AC to blow more air
I want the AC to keep running for a while
I want the AC vents to stay open
I want the air conditioner to be higher
I want the air conditioner to be much higher
I want the air conditioner to be much lower
I want the alarm display on screen
I want the decorative table lamps in this room to be turned off
I want the entire heating system to be turned off
I want the heating temperature to be higher
I want the heating temperature to be lower
I want the heating temperature to be much higher
I want the heating temperature to be much lower
I want the heating to be higher
I want the heating to be lower
I want the heating to be much higher
I want the heating to be much lower
I want the inside temperature of the room by exactly 60 degrees
I want the lights to be slightly dimmed
I want the number to front desk
I want the room temperature to be higher
I want the room temperature to be lower
I want the room temperature to be much higher
I want the room temperature to be much lower
I want the room to be brighter
I want the room to be much colder
I want the room to be much cooler
I want the room to be slightly colder
I want the temperature in this room to decrease significantly
I want the temperature lowered by 4 degrees
I want the temperature of the room to increase
I want the temperature of this room to go up
I want the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I want the thermostat turned up as high as possible
I want this room to be exactly 66 degrees Fahrenheit
I want this to work, but you have to help me
I want three bathrobes sent up to me
I want to I want to close facility information
I want to adjust my wakeup call
I want to adjust the brightness of the lights
I want to adjust the temperature. Turn up the AC
I want to alter my wakeup alarm
I want to alter my wakeup call
I want to alter the time of my wakeup alarm
I want to apologize to you if that's the impression you got
I want to ask about checking in early 
I want to ask for amenities
I want to ask the front desk to help me check out
I want to be able to control the different settings of my room
I want to be able to monitor the status of my room
I want to be able to read all the information on the main menu
I want to be warm. Please turn the heater on
I want to bring down air conditioner by one degree
I want to bring down room temperature by one degree
I want to bring up air conditioner by one degree
I want to cancel my wakeup call
I want to cancel the wake up call
I want to change my time for the morning call
I want to change my wakeup alarm
I want to change my wakeup call
I want to change the time on my wakeup alarm
I want to check for upcoming wake up calls
I want to check for wake up calls
I want to check how the lights are
I want to check if the thermostat is correct, it still feels chilly
I want to check my weight
I want to check on the status of the room's heater
I want to check out
I want to check out 
I want to check out of my room
I want to check out online
I want to check the room temperature
I want to check the status on the AC
I want to check-in using the internet
I want to checkout
I want to checkout but I have to pay
I want to choose the first one
I want to choose the first one from the list you have provided
I want to click on the first button available
I want to close facility information
I want to close facility information of the hotel
I want to close facility information of the hotel, now
I want to close facility information, now
I want to close home menu
I want to close out of room service screen
I want to close room service screen
I want to close screen with room status
I want to close screen with status of the room
I want to close the list of hotel amenities
I want to close the main menu
I want to close the room information screen
I want to close the room status
I want to close the screen on hotel information
I want to close the status of the room
I want to compare different rooms available in this hotel
I want to connect to the wifi immediately. 
I want to contact the front desk 
I want to control the brightness of the bathroom lights
I want to control the inside temperature of the room, set the room at 50 degrees
I want to control the room lights, bring up the light slightly
I want to control the room's thermostat and set it as cold as possible
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children.
I want to cut my nails
I want to decrease the AC's wind speed
I want to decrease the heating temperature
I want to decrease the room temperature
I want to double check that all the lights in this room are working properly
I want to eat in my room, please show me the menu
I want to edit my wakeup call
I want to eliminate the scheduled wake up call
I want to end screen with room status
I want to end screen with status of the room
I want to end the screen with the hotel information now
I want to exit facility information
I want to exit facility information of the hotel
I want to exit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to exit facility information, now
I want to exit out of room service screen
I want to exit out of room status
I want to exit out of screen with room status
I want to exit out of screen with status of the room
I want to exit out of status of the room
I want to exit out of the room service screen
I want to exit room service screen
I want to exit room status
I want to exit screen with room status
I want to exit screen with status of the room
I want to exit status of the room
I want to exit the help page
I want to exit the list of hotel amenities
I want to exit the room information screen
I want to exit the screen with the hotel information, immediately
I want to figure out the status of the AC right now
I want to find out if there's a fee for a late check out
I want to find the number to the front desk 
I want to get a morning call on Tuesday at 5AM
I want to get help buying Korean red ginseng as gifts
I want to get out of the screen that I'm looking at
I want to go to home screen
I want to hang my trousers
I want to have a radiator in my room
I want to have the central lights of my room switched on
I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow
I want to increase air conditioner by one degree
I want to increase room temperature by one degree
I want to increase the air conditioner
I want to increase the heating
I want to increase the heating temperature
I want to increase the room temperature
I want to inquire more information about the services this hotel provides
I want to keep the AC running
I want to keep the heater on for now
I want to keep the room warm
I want to know about check-in
I want to know about check-out
I want to know about hotel facility information
I want to know about this hotel with more detail
I want to know additional fees I have to pay during checkout?
I want to know all the amenities found in this hotel
I want to know check-in details
I want to know check-in details for the hotel
I want to know check-in information
I want to know check-in time for my reservation
I want to know check-out details
I want to know check-out details for the hotel
I want to know check-out information
I want to know check-out time
I want to know check-out time for my reservation
I want to know exactly what you did to her!
I want to know how early I can check-in to the hotel
I want to know if I can check-in directly without going through the front desk
I want to know if I can pay for an additional night at this hotel 
I want to know if I can still use hotel facilities after checkout
I want to know if the air conditioner is running
I want to know if the hotel has hi-speed internet provided
I want to know if the room is heating up right now
I want to know information about hotel
I want to know more about the hotel facilities
I want to know more about what type of saunas are available at this hotel
I want to know more about what you do here
I want to know the check out policy
I want to know the check out policy for this hotel
I want to know the check out time 
I want to know the check-in time
I want to know the check-out time for my reservation
I want to know the front desk number
I want to know the hotel's check-in time
I want to know the number of the front desk
I want to know the number to the front desk
I want to know the password for the wifi
I want to know the procedure to check out
I want to know the room temperature
I want to know the status of the air conditioning
I want to know the status of the room heating
I want to know the temperature of the room right now
I want to know the weather at 2AM
I want to know the wide range of facilities and services this place has to offer
I want to know the wifi
I want to know the wifi for the room
I want to know the wifi password
I want to know time to check-in for my reservation
I want to know what amenities are available at the hotel
I want to know what time I can check-in
I want to know what type of information can be found on the main menu
I want to know wifi details 
I want to look at the timer
I want to look up check out procedure, please 
I want to look up the wifi
I want to look up the wifi password
I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life
I want to lower room temperature by one degree
I want to lower the heating
I want to lower the heating temperature
I want to lower the room temperature
I want to make a request for room cleaning services
I want to make a request for the wake up call
I want to make a request for turn down service
I want to make a request. Please call the front desk
I want to make air conditioner decrease by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go down by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go up by one degree
I want to make changes to my wakeup alarm
I want to make room temperature go down by one degree
I want to make room temperature go up by one degree
I want to make use of the information on the home screen
I want to measure my weight
I want to open a page that contains hotel information
I want to order an amenity
I want to order room service
I want to place a request for a daily morning call for 9AM
I want to place a request for a pull-out bed
I want to place a request for dental floss
I want to place an order for amenities
I want to proceed with early check out
I want to proceed with the check out
I want to put in a request for amenities
I want to put in a request to change the time for the wake up call
I want to put-in a request for a pull-out bed
I want to quit facility information
I want to quit facility information of the hotel
I want to quit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to quit facility information, now
I want to quit room service screen
I want to quit the help page
I want to quit the main menu because I wasn't able to find the answers to my questions
I want to quit the room information screen
I want to reach someone at the front desk 
I want to reach the front desk, what's the number?
I want to read all about the services and information about this hotel
I want to read service information
I want to receive an amenity
I want to request a change in duvet covers
I want to request a normal check out
I want to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I want to request amenities
I want to request duvet covers
I want to request for a check out
I want to request for a new bath mat
I want to request for dry cleaning
I want to request makeup remover
I want to review the status of the room
I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law.
I want to say something to you but not today
I want to schedule a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
I want to see all amenities
I want to see amenities at this hotel
I want to see if I have any wake up calls scheduled 
I want to see information about the hotel
I want to see more information about hotel
I want to see room status
I want to see status of the room
I want to see the  time for hotel check in
I want to see the alarm
I want to see the alarm menu
I want to see the concierge screen
I want to see the help page
I want to see the room service menu
I want to see the status of my room
I want to see the status of the central lights
I want to see the status of the room
I want to see the status on all the lights in my suite
I want to see the wifi
I want to see the wifi password
I want to see what amenities I'm able to request
I want to select number one
I want to select option 3 out of the options provided to me on the screen
I want to select the eleventh one from the list that you've provided
I want to select the first one
I want to select the main menu on the home screen
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM 
I want to set a morning call for Tuesday at 9:20PM
I want to set my wakeup alarm to a different time
I want to set the room to 4  degrees Fahrenheit
I want to set the temperature of the AC as low as possible
I want to set the temperature of this room to room temperature
I want to set up a wakeup alarm in the morning
I want to set up a wakeup call
I want to shop for leather goods and handmade jewellery
I want to shut off all the lights around the bed
I want to slightly decrease the brightness of the room
I want to slightly increase the temperature of this room by 2 degrees
I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me
I want to stop looking at the menu for room service
I want to stop looking up information regarding this hotel room
I want to stop monitoring the status of the room
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first.
I want to switch off the air conditioner
I want to switch off the heating
I want to switch on the air conditioner
I want to switch on the heating
I want to take a look at the alarm
I want to take a look at the guest services the hotel can offer me
I want to take a look at the help page
I want to talk to someone in the lobby 
I want to turn air conditioner on right now
I want to turn down room temperature by one degree
I want to turn heating off right now
I want to turn heating on right now
I want to turn off all the lights, immediately
I want to turn off screen with amenities
I want to turn off the air conditioner
I want to turn off the heating
I want to turn on the air conditioner
I want to turn on the heating
I want to turn on the heating for now
I want to turn up room temperature by one degree
I want to turn up the wind speed
I want to use a radiator during my stay
I want to use the game center
I want to use the hotel facilities, can you provide me with more information?
I want to verify the check out time
I want you should know, I'm very proud of you, son
I want you to come back on the road with me
I want you to come in until I get the lights on
I want you to give her a call
I want you to give me a wakeup call tomorrow
I want you to go back to your old life
I want you to go right away
I want you to know I'm available to you
I want you to know how much I appreciate this
I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done
I want you to pick up the trail where he left off
I want you to set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 tomorrow morning
I want you to set an alarm for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want you to set up an alarm for this evening at 6
I want you to start your work for the last phase of the campaign
I want you to time something
I want you to trust me to make my own choices
I wanted to be there to close the circle.
I wanted to depict a calm and peaceful Africa.
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him
I wanted to see what kind of a day it is
I wanted to stop it, and I ran up to stop it
I was a year away from getting my masters in Art, now I'll never graduate
I was able to find all the answers to my questions, please end the screen
I was all set for what came next.
I was beginning to have my doubts about you for the last few days
I was busy the rest of the day.
I was chosen because I was the bravest and the most worthy
I was doing a report on live TV about a handsome cab driver
I was freaking out a little earlier, but they calmed me down
I was fully prepared to pay for myself.
I was hoping I'd hear from you today.
I was hoping to finally have sex with you this weekend
I was hoping you'd just leave and we could avoid all this
I was just about to make my point, Your Honor
I was just on my way down to meet you
I was just talking to the band about the thing with the stuff
I was just trying to make him jealous
I was looking forward to one last dance
I was lucky they let me go, I guess.
I was only 5, but I remember it vividly.
I was ready, like Portia, to present my own brief.
I was really looking forward to this night
I was responsible for planning company training and field exercises.
I was sent from the Post in place of our social editor
I was sent up for practicing law without a license
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms.
I was the same way when I was you age
I was the same way when I was your age
I was thinking of paying it when the insurance comes in
I was told to wake you up gently, so I figured
I was wondering if I could buy you a drink or something
I wasn't able to find any hotel information online, can you share more?
I wasn't able to find the information I wanted from the main menu
I wasn't done, I was just sick of hearing him whine
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking
I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther
I wasn't there, but from what I heard, it went something like this
I wear sunglasses because the sun is bright
I went back to the coffeehouse to find Shannon
I went in and we discussed about the music.
I went through and down, into pitch darkness.
I will be looking for your smiling face there!
I will checkout now
I will even sell you some gas if you need it
I will get a room here for you
I will give you your six thousand back
I will need a wakeup alarm
I will need an alarm for 8:30 PM
I will need an alarm for Monday 8 AM
I will need an alarm for noon today
I will request amenities
I will take the SAT test only if I am ready
I will tell you my most humiliating story
I will tell you to go, not begging.
I will update this page as new information becomes available.
I wish I could do more but we're moving out
I wish I could say that was in his favor
I wish I could say this to my mother's face, but I can't anymore
I wish I could, but I really can't right now
I wish that I could find a way; To speak my thoughts on Mother's Day
I wish there was something I could do for you
I wish to close out of this screen
I wish to sleep, I'd like to turn off the lights now
I wish to turn off all the ceiling lights in the room
I wish to use the restroom, turn on the bathroom lights
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid.
I wish you would return them to her.
I wish you'd give me a little more of a chance
I wish you'd stop trying to make me mad so I won't care for you
I woke up the next morning and she was gone
I won't be able to give you anything
I won't be coming back to check on comments anymore.
I won't be guilty of trying to run his life.
I won't be made to feel like I've done something wrong
I won't be needing any room cleaning tomorrow so please pass my room
I won't have you running around in the middle of the night
I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall
I won't report it to the department
I won't speak to him, I won't even utter his name
I won't talk to you where you can use your hands on me
I won't tell you you can save yourself because you can't
I wonder if the Carters would take one.
I work for you, I won't take orders from a stranger
I work odd hours much of the time.
I would appreciate it if you could move us to a quieter room
I would hate to make two trips to take care of things
I would hate to think you were losing your perspective
I would have come sooner if I'd known.
I would like a concierge
I would like a little bit more information on hotel facilities
I would like a timer for 60 seconds
I would like a timer set for 30 minutes
I would like a timer set up for 1 hour
I would like a wakeup alarm
I would like a wakeup call
I would like a wakeup call arranged in case my alarm does not work
I would like a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like an alarm at 5:30 PM
I would like an alarm for 5:30
I would like concierge services
I would like information on hotel facilities
I would like it to be much colder in here
I would like my entire room aerated to help with my allergies
I would like room heating to be on
I would like the AC to cool me down, please turn it on
I would like the alarm displayed
I would like the temperature of the room to be 5 degrees  lower
I would like to access the hotel's currency exchange service
I would like to adjust the temperature of my room. Make the temperature 4 degrees  lower
I would like to ask for a stain removing detergent
I would like to be woken up at 9AM on Tuesday
I would like to catch up with all the moments I didn't spend with you
I would like to change the time for the morning call
I would like to change the wakeup alarm's time
I would like to check the status of the ceiling lights right now
I would like to checkout
I would like to checkout now
I would like to checkout of my room
I would like to choose the first one
I would like to close information on hotel facilities
I would like to close the screen on hotel information
I would like to control the bathroom lights
I would like to exit information on hotel facilities
I would like to exit out of information on hotel facilities
I would like to have some more conditioner sent to my room
I would like to increase room temperature by two degrees
I would like to increase the temperature of the room by 2 degrees
I would like to know check-in time for my reservation
I would like to know check-out time for my reservation
I would like to know more details on check out procedure 
I would like to know some of the services provided by this hotel
I would like to know the current room temperature
I would like to know what you're doing here
I would like to learn more about the hotel's environmental policies
I would like to order an amenity
I would like to pick number one
I would like to propose a toast to the most awesomely mellow anniversary ever
I would like to receive daily morning calls for 10AM
I would like to request a wake up call for today 8:30PM
I would like to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like to request amenities
I would like to request concierge service
I would like to request dental floss
I would like to request for a shoe shine
I would like to request for a tea kettle
I would like to request for dental floss
I would like to request shot glasses
I would like to see main display
I would like to see the home menu
I would like to select the option found at the top of the screen
I would like to switch on the heating for this room, immediately
I would like to turn down the air conditioning by two degrees
I would like to turn down the heating by two degrees
I would like to use an air purifier in my room
I would like you to know my sister
I would like you to time something for me
I would look at this and it was just strangers
I would never say you weren't as good a person as she is
I would not be of any help to you in this project
I would not take them to the race track, no.
I would only like some precise answers, that's all
I would prefer to choose the first option on the list
I would prefer to say this to you in person
I would say there's nothing more dangerous than a man who knows what right is
I would think it would be lower You are welcome.
I wouldn't give up now if my life depended on it!
I wouldn't have the strength to answer, he thought.
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house.
I wouldn't keep coming here if I didn't like you
I wouldn't like it if this partnership ended before it gets started
I wouldn't want him to miss the message.
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience.
I write the great, eternal truths that bind together all mankind
I write what I've seen
I wrote them down in my Diary so that I wouldn't have to remember
I'd also be able to do touchdown dances randomly.
I'd appreciate it if we could take care of this quickly and quietly
I'd be curious to see which politicians qualify.
I'd be happy to pay for the favor, of course.
I'd be lost without the shame factor driving me
I'd be more inclined to just veto that particular person.
I'd been retired one week when he dropped this bombshell.
I'd call my mom and say, 'Holy shit, guess what!
I'd call now but she'll want me to come home and I just might
I'd go nuts if I had to work in an office all day
I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy.
I'd kick him in the nuts, if I thought he had any
I'd like a brief intro to this hotel
I'd like a midnight snack. Can you show me what I can order?
I'd like a wake up call tomorrow 
I'd like help for the check out
I'd like help with the check out
I'd like some room amenities
I'd like the AC to stop blasting air
I'd like the direct number to the front desk 
I'd like the front desk to wake me up at 8:30PM
I'd like the temperature of the room to drop
I'd like the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I'd like to be warm. Turn on the heater
I'd like to block out the light completely
I'd like to bring it in on your case, if it's all right with you
I'd like to call the front desk
I'd like to cancel my request for room service
I'd like to cancel the wake up call
I'd like to cancel using the screen with the room status information
I'd like to check if the room's AC is working properly
I'd like to check the status of the room
I'd like to control the wind speed setting and turn it up
I'd like to cool off for a little, can we turn up the AC?
I'd like to dim down the room lights, immediately
I'd like to get a wake up call at 8PM tonight
I'd like to have a wake up call scheduled daily for 8AM
I'd like to have the bedside light turned on
I'd like to jump the queue and check out online
I'd like to know about penalties for early or late checkout 
I'd like to know if there are any other fees I should be aware of before checking out of the hotel
I'd like to know more details about this particular hotel
I'd like to know the hotel's check-in time 
I'd like to know the password to connect to the wifi
I'd like to know the time for hotel check in
I'd like to know the wifi for this room
I'd like to know what time I can check-in to the hotel 
I'd like to look up the wifi password 
I'd like to lower the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to open the home menu right now
I'd like to order some dessert
I'd like to order some tea to help me sleep
I'd like to proceed with the check out
I'd like to put in a request for a daily wake up call for 8AM
I'd like to receive a wake up call on Friday for 8AM
I'd like to request early check out
I'd like to request for a late check out
I'd like to request for a pencil
I'd like to request for an alarm clock
I'd like to request something to write with
I'd like to request to check out right now
I'd like to request to have the bathroom amenities restocked immediately
I'd like to see more information for hotel check in
I'd like to see the condition at which my room is at
I'd like to see the room status shown on the display, please
I'd like to see your friend's face when we tell him
I'd like to set a wake up call for 8PM on Wednesday
I'd like to shave
I'd like to stay for another night
I'd like to stay, but I really don't have time to hang around here
I'd like to switch the time for the wake up call
I'd like to think all of that conditioning paid off.
I'd like to turn down the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to use a pencil
I'd like to wake up at 7AM tomorrow
I'd love to go back and be that person again, but you can't move backwards
I'd make an exception in this case if I were you
I'd make her glad the whole day through, I love you!'
I'd rather you didn't mention any of this to them if you don't mind
I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up
I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care
I'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size
I'll be right back, I'm gonna go get a beer
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour.
I'll bet she can be friendly when it's in her best interests
I'll bet she told you I was puny, too.
I'll call you in a day or so.
I'll even sell you some gas if you need it
I'll fill every slippery hollow
I'll get a lot more from her without you butting in
I'll go right over there and bring her here
I'll go take a look when the rain lets off
I'll go to the dentist twice a year for you
I'll have him call the moment I hear from him
I'll have the 4 pieces you asked for any time now
I'll have to call in the brain trust.
I'll honk four times so you'll hear it and know she's on her way up
I'll just have them call and tell Patrick it's us
I'll just tell my other girlfriends they can't come over tonight
I'll just use it for a while and get it right back to you
I'll kiss you at a little bit after midnight
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now.
I'll look at the divorce decree, see if we can get it redrawn
I'll meet you on one condition that I get exclusivity and you surrender to me
I'll need an office on the grounds; someplace to store my things
I'll never believe that anyone could be such a fool
I'll pay you a share of the profits, once its sold
I'll pick you up on the same corner at three thirty five, okay?
I'll rip your lungs out if you don't answer fast
I'll say I didn't have courage to come forward at first
I'll see you on the other side, Ray
I'll see you tomorrow and tell you how it went
I'll spend the night here and get back first thing in the morning
I'll tell him -- if I see him.
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do
I'll tell you what, you couldn't pay me enough to live down there
I'll tell you where the ground is sour and the ground in my heart is sour
I'll turn around at the corner if you'll shut the fuck up
I'll watch the alleyway in case it goes that way
I'll wish you a happy Birthday now and I'll see you soon
I'm 28 years old, and I've really only ever been with one man
I'm Mickey, we're supposed to get to know each other
I'm actually sitting at home, waiting for the phone to ring
I'm afraid I couldn't quite handle that, if you don't mind
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to
I'm afraid I've used up all my good deeds for the day
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again
I'm afraid we ain't got no raw life up here
I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard
I'm all for them owning casinos, getting rich off the white man's greed
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack.
I'm assuming the cave-in begins with the threat of litigation from Big Tobacco
I'm beginning to think of the building as my home
I'm choosing the first one
I'm cold, please turn on the heater for the room
I'm done asking questions about hotel room information
I'm done asking questions about my hotel room for now
I'm done looking up details about the hotel room
I'm done reading the screen with hotel information, please exit screen
I'm done requesting for more amenities
I'm done showering, please turn off the bathroom lights
I'm done using the screen for now
I'm exhausted from pretending I'm not in love with her
I'm expecting it to have a nice, intimate vibe.
I'm flattered you think we have two viewers
I'm freezing here, thank you for checking, can I go?
I'm freezing in here
I'm getting brain surgery from some guy who's seen a couple episodes of ER
I'm goin' to try and keep from it as much as I can
I'm going to ask you what you do when you go off at night
I'm going to change and we'll meet for a drink in the room
I'm going to cuff you and leave you in that house
I'm going to enjoy this here, I'll even loan you my badge
I'm going to get as far away as I can
I'm going to give you a prescription for your pneumonia
I'm going to go and eat tomorrow night do you want to go with me?
I'm going to go out of town just for two days
I'm going to have a good time, because I did nothing wrong
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else.
I'm going to make myself a drink, if that's okay?
I'm going to put it on my dresser.
I'm gonna be up on that wall one of these days
I'm gonna have to ask you to remain calm
I'm gonna need you to call her for me
I'm guessing you haven't always had this rule
I'm having issues with the room's wifi
I'm having luck for the first time in my life
I'm having problems connecting to the wifi
I'm having problems with the iron
I'm having really bad eye allergies and I don?셳 know where to go
I'm having some people over for drinks right after the races
I'm having trouble with the wifi
I'm here for a few days, before I head back up to Virginia
I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur
I'm here to serve life, All you want to do is destroy it
I'm hungry, I want to request room service
I'm in a rush, what's the fastest way to check out?
I'm in awe of what has happened here, he said.
I'm in the locker room sitting in the whirlpool
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of.
I'm invoking rights. this man is represented by counsel
I'm just a little worried about my future
I'm just about to go out with some friends
I'm just beginning to believe that something could be done with you
I'm just cleaning out some of this stuff that's built up
I'm just going to get their trucks!
I'm just happy that George has found someone he cares for
I'm just letting them have their say before I say no
I'm just not one of those guys who has a type
I'm just not sure if Lily's gonna like it
I'm just proud of our kids, he related.
I'm just surprised you didn't dump him sooner
I'm just taIking to guys' backs while they hit on her
I'm just talking on the phone to you
I'm just trying to expand your horizons a little bit tonight
I'm looking at her saying I don't like you
I'm looking to improve a lot from there, though.
I'm making an exception because I respect you as an artist
I'm missing one of those screws for this table
I'm no longer curious about room information
I'm no longer curious about the details of this hotel room
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee.
I'm not asking you to be happy about it
I'm not bringing a date even if I wanted to
I'm not cut out for the kind of life you lead
I'm not even so sure anymore that we should want to
I'm not going anywhere until you get this guy out of my head
I'm not going to get those pearls and neither are you
I'm not going to listen to any more speeches ever again
I'm not going to sit on my ass wondering what's right and what's wrong
I'm not gonna force sports on them unless they're interested
I'm not gonna wait around for three months just to have my heart ripped out
I'm not good enough for her to associate with
I'm not good enough to even talk about her
I'm not in the mood to eat anymore
I'm not proposing anything innovative, just implementing existing traffic standards.
I'm not questioning your word, but it's just not possible
I'm not ready to checkout. What are my options?
I'm not satisfied with the current AC performance, increase the wind speed
I'm not saying that we should completely ignore it.
I'm not showing any more Two beautiful flowers for two beautiful flowers
I'm not so sure of anything as you are
I'm not sure I have anything to drink
I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk
I'm not sure but you might try the first step
I'm not sure if that's true compared to other democracies.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for us
I'm not sure what happens after we die, but I have faith in that
I'm not surprised, the company you've been keeping the last ten years
I'm not too hungry anymore
I'm not too young and not too old.
I'm not very proud of what I do
I'm not warm enough, increase the temperature of the room by 2 degrees
I'm okay, listen to me. Let's go with Judge, check it out
I'm pleased to inform you that we've accepted your application for our summer fellowship
I'm probably as guilty of it as anyone.
I'm ready to leave, turn off all the lights immediately
I'm ready to sleep now so turn off the lights near the bed
I'm really glad that you asked me out tonight
I'm really happy to see you, but I don't think of you that way anymore
I'm really nervous to get my record collection out of storage
I'm really not in the mood for one of your practical jokes
I'm really very sorry, Sir, that you feel this way
I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child
I'm requesting a mending kit
I'm requesting a shoe shine
I'm responsible for everything that happens here
I'm ruddy lazy, and I'm getting on in years.
I'm running low on conditioner, please send more
I'm satisfied with the information provided on the home screen
I'm selecting number one
I'm so glad we decided to just stay home
I'm so glad you have to go to your parents next weekend
I'm so glad your roommates are out of town
I'm so tired I can hardly see out of my eyes
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner, but I just read your note
I'm sorry I haven't been able to see you at all
I'm sorry about everything but I think I'll just do this now
I'm sorry to announce that one week from today I will be leaving Metro News 1
I'm sorry to bother you, but I've got to talk to you
I'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this
I'm sorry, I don't know how I can help you here
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I know what you mean
I'm sort of amazed at how much I like you
I'm sort of professing my love here
I'm starving. Can you show me the menu?
I'm still in my cab, jammed up in traffic
I'm still sweating, I'd like to turn on the AC
I'm supposed to be saving it for our two month anniversary
I'm supposed to go home and be with him
I'm supposed to joke about things, aren't I?
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting
I'm sure she got out of here before it happened
I'm sure she'll dump me soon and we can go back to being friends
I'm sure you could find a program here that's just as selective
I'm sure you didn't come here just to talk about art
I'm sure you got a lot of catching up to do
I'm sure you have hundreds of guys who are interested in you
I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor.
I'm sure you're quite willing to be decent about this
I'm sure, I'm positive it didn't happen the way Jack says it did
I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning
I'm telling him nothing but make sure he doesn't find out by himself
I'm telling you. I know she'll be there
I'm the guy in your bed the last three months
I'm thirsty
I'm three quarters of the way up the lot behind the concession stand
I'm too full to look at the menu right now
I'm trying to cut the military budget for the first time in thirty years
I'm trying to think of where there's a place to have a drink around here
I'm under 18, can I check into the hotel for my parents?
I'm used to lots of things, I work at Wal-Mart
I'm using that word a little too freely
I'm very hungry, please help me find a menu for today
I'm very sad but Richard said that since it's Cary Grant, he completely understands
I'm very very hurt that you didn't call me first
I'm willing to give you one of the eights, lowering myself to a fifteen
I'm with the Bar-H, pushing a horse called Sparky.
I'm with you, but detective has an answer for that
I've already found what I'm looking for through the main screen
I've always had an interest in government, he said.
I've always thought that you were a very nice person
I've been clicking the loose wires together hoping it'd make a connection
I've been following your mind all across the U.S
I've been hit with a carload of horseshoes, and believe me I know it
I've been in Eugene for about seven years.
I've been looking for one of those all my life!
I've been meaning to apologize for everything that happened
I've been privileged to provide services for people I admire
I've been seeing him for a few weeks
I've been that far half a dozen times.
I've been there for all the big moments of you and Lily
I've been thinking about what you said about moving in here
I've been told I'm an excellent hugger
I've been trying to be your friend and you treat me in lovely!
I've been trying to get in here all night
I've been trying to get these right for weeks
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that
I've been wandering the streets day and night trying to find you
I've been wondering if maybe Jack shot Twombley, instead of Twombley shooting himself
I've changed my mind, help me cancel my order
I've checked in but my room is being cleaned. Can I use hotel facilities? 
I've chosen the first number
I've chosen the first one
I've commited myself to live my life with her
I've decided on number one
I've decided on the menu, close screen now
I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance
I've decided to go with the option found at the bottom of the list, please
I've decided to make you a special project of mine
I've done it a couple of times, I mean with guys I dated
I've done so much good today, I've got, like, a soul boner
I've fallen in love in a way I've never thought could happen my entire life
I've finished using the bathroom, you can turn off the lights now
I've forgotten my reservation. Can I check-in? 
I've forgotten the password to the wifi
I've found everything I needed to know regarding the hotel, close screen
I've got a couple of spare pieces stashed under the floorboards
I've got a real feeling that this is the fellow
I've got another tie, I've got another one besides this one
I've got enough so we won't have to go out of the house till Tuesday
I've got mixed emotions, I am very relieved, he said.
I've got nothing else to do on Tuesdays and Thursdays
I've got some stuff to do this week, but I'm thinking maybe Thursday
I've got to play the hawk in Vietnam and the dove in China
I've got troubles, and I think maybe you've got troubles
I've had a jar of olives just sitting in my fridge forever
I've heard of people being scooped on their own funerals, but this!
I've invited him to write a small piece about you
I've just been offered a fellowship at a culinary institute in Germany
I've just checked in. What is the status of the room?
I've kind of lost interest since I've been working for them
I've learned enough information about the hotel, it's okay to quit the screen now
I've lived in Africa a year and I don't know what you know
I've looked over the menu and I'm not hungry anymore
I've lost my appetite
I've made the decision to eat somewhere, close screen now
I've made the decision to select the last option
I've never been in a place like this.
I've never been in jail ever in my life
I've never noticed that it improves things any.
I've never thought about it. what was the most exciting place you've ever been to?
I've not felt anything injury-wise since coming back, Meyer offered.
I've quit better jobs than this one, believe me
I've read enough details on hotel facilities, you can close the screen now
I've read enough information from the main menu, please close now
I've read everything I needed, please exit the screen now
I've read extensively on the subject
I've seen enough, I want to close the menu
I've seen vampire blood, you don't have it running through your veins
I've stared at her and she stared at me back
I've thousands of memories but none of them are mine
I've tried to say it and I've said it badly
I've used the mini fridge, do I pay during checkout?
I've worked this ward for three months now.
I've written about this before, but it's worth repeating.
I?셝 like to measure my weight
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements.
IT's urgent, help me get an ambulance on the line
Ideas we must have, and we seek them everywhere.
If AIDS protesters could take direct action, so could they.
If Ballard wasn't such a stubborn ass, I wouldn't have to be breaking in here
If Huey Newton takes a crap, I want to know how big it was
If I ask and you are, you have to tell me
If I check out online, will my bill get sent to my email address? 
If I could do that, I'd be at the goddamn racetrack, not here
If I could get into a game I might win some
If I did, I wouldn't come within fifty yards of your door
If I die, I die because I willed it so.
If I do what you tell me, will you love me?
If I do, I haven't found it yet!
If I don't come back tell Mother I love her
If I don't come back the people will think I'm a coward
If I don't have my ID, how else can I check-in?
If I don't, you can totally tell me
If I don???have my reservation number, how else can I check-in?
If I ever get out of you, I'll be glad to call you my friend
If I get you back to the lab, will you get out of my head?
If I go home I won't be able to fall asleep anyway
If I go out at night, I'm afraid.
If I had known you were coming, I would have thrown you up a waffle
If I let her go, she'd disappear once more.
If I let you change me, will that do it?
If I moved out now I'd be acknowledging that what happened was real
If I need you again I know which rock to turn over
If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him
If I see anybody else cruising around I'll keep going
If I see them on the street, I am not going to let them walk by
If I stop, there'll be no more talk of divorce?
If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does
If I were in their place, I would use bombs
If I'd been against your taking this, you would have abandoned me
If I'm checking out early, do I still need to go to the front desk?
If Joe doesn't show up, we'll all be back here at 0600 hours.
If Trump is elected, our democracy will be at risk.
If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price.
If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble
If anybody walked in here, I don't think they'd believe what they see
If anyone else told me that, I'd have serious doubts
If anything else happens, you have to promise you'll call me
If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows?
If anything happens to him now you will be blamed and he knows it
If desired, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple.
If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
If doubtful about a steak, boldly cut it in half.
If earthquakes do occur at such depths, why not deeper?
If guilty, the offender might be excluded from membership.
If he bothers you, don't pay him any mind.
If he files are you going to take the case?
If he is a traditionalist, he is an eclectic traditionalist.
If he is not listening to you, he won't listen to nobody!
If he takes it, he's no longer the champion of the people
If it doesn't go well up there, he's gonna need some support
If it doesn't rain this weekend, she's gonna end up with the wrong guy
If it gets around that you fired me, I'll never land a pilot
If it isn't there I'm shooting her in the back
If it looks like I can't get back, just close the door
If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief
If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
If it were the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
If it's a person, why should we go see it?
If it's my kid, too, then I've got a responsibility, don't I?
If it's out there, I want to know about it.
If not, IG Markets would inform his employer.
If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay.
If obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction.
If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure.
If she could have blushed, she would have.
If she moved gracefully, she was clumsy at it.
If she says it looked at her, it looked at her
If she says she saw me doing it she's lying
If someone needs help, there's always a bed available.
If something landed there, there would be a big scar in the ground
If that is right, did they stop there?
If that little weasel ever walked in here I wouldn't serve him
If that ring checks out, we'll give him an escort
If that was the skiff, it was making unprecedented speed.
If that's all you got, that's all we got left
If that's what you want to do, then you oughta do it
If the bottom bunk moves, the top bunk moves, too
If the company makes more money, you'll make more money.
If the facilities were bad what would he do?
If there is a confined space, corrosion cannot be predicted.
If there isn't, I've just wasted the last six months
If there were only darkness, all would be clear.
If there's a TV in the room, you got to pay the option
If there's anything you feel uncomfortable talking about, tell me, but I have to ask
If they are, they should call me, I guess.
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint.
If they don't tell me what I need to know
If they follow anyone, it'll have to be you.
If they kick my ass, they'll sure as hell carve yours up
If they want a public humiliation, that's what they'll get
If they're loyal, if they prove themselves, then their masters will turn them
If this coulda been avoided, I'll put that kid's ass in a sling
If this guy freaks out, will you protect us?
If this is some sales pitch I'm not buying,
If those are equal, conference record is used.
If we are to be friends, we must trust each other
If we can cut the ram, the Shark can pull herself loose!
If we can't raise the capital, we're through.
If we go out there and spoil the mood, it's not gonna happen
If we pull up to a burning building I'll gladly let you go first
If we stay with you, you'll take us down with you
If we use her, I want to direct those episodes
If we were lucky enough to catch him with his power depleted
If you answer  yes,  then you must accept all the necessary consequences
If you can't think of a thing to do, try something -- anything.
If you didn't want to do it, you should have said so!
If you do the math, that's over thirty grand a week profit
If you don't hang around in this circle, no reason it should
If you don't laugh, it just seems mean
If you don't mind I think I'll stay at the hotel
If you don't mind him seeing you, I don't mind
If you don't mind me asking, how much is something like that?
If you don't mind me asking, what is the reason you are in this place?
If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice, I'll never forgive you!
If you don't want to, I suppose that's okay too
If you don't, one or more of your competitors will.
If you get that joke, please get back to me.
If you grew up in Kentucky, you might champion Dixie.
If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard?
If you haven't already, it's time to grow up.
If you haven't tasted this delight, check it out.
If you haven't, then I applaud your Christian restraint.
If you just gave it a chance, you might like it
If you just leave me to hell alone, Lieutenant.
If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it?
If you let me go, I will tell you where he is
If you like, I can assign another producer to edit your show
If you miss a day, they'll ask where you were.
If you read it, you'll know what I'm telling you is true
If you screw up, I can promise you, you're going down
If you take the one, you'd better take both.
If you think we can beat that, you got some brass ones
If you two are looking for a fight, you got one
If you want me to say yes right now, I can't do that
If you want to fight, go down on the sidewalk.
If you want to keep your head on your shoulders, you'll do as I say
If you were going to come back you wouldn't have taken me out tonight
If you were really great and powerful, you'd keep your promises
If you weren't going for a spare what were you doing?
If you won't accept our proposal, we'll simply find someone who will
If you won't be truthful, then you've left me no choice
If you'll excuse me, he said, "I think I will go home."
If you're a good ballplayer, you've got to get mad.
If you're determined to revive the crew now, I can handle the whole thing myself
If you're interested, we're located in Highland Park.
If you're looking for a quickie all you've got to do is ask
If you're not with me, Violet, then I have to assume you're against me
If you're trying to seduce me, Dr. Jones, this is a very primitive approach
Ike has risen from homelessness to be a successful businessman.
Imagine his son being that good in science!
Imagine if he were in the Giants rotation.
Immediately exit out of the home display, I don't want to look at it anymore
Immediately select the sixteenth option from the options on display
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven.
Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals.
In 1932, GM's Cadillac company was having real problems.
In 1952, it will be remembered, the G.O.P.
In 1958, the Birds were 3-10 on May 1.
In 1960, there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes.
In 1993 we were not concentrating on the Internet.
In 1993, he wants an actress for the show.
In 1998, PRINCESS was made available to the sales team.
In April 1987, evidence surfaced that commissions were paid.
In China, the magical system par excellence was Taoism.
In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession.
In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street.
In Queensland, the merger proposal has received a mixed response.
In Singapore, stocks hit a five year low.
In Texas, most of that land is privately owned.
In West Side Story, Rita Moreno plays Anita.
In a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain.
In a few years, we will have SAMOS.
In a frenzy of excitement, he considered his plan.
In a lot of ways things are better now
In a natural state, the same is true for humans.
In a video posted in mid-January at change.
In a way he's such a clueless dork that he's almost cool
In a week the hyacinths would spike out.
In a year or two, you won't recognize this town
In a year these kids won't even remember who we are
In addition, the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of much structural information.
In addition, they need to be replaced relatively often.
In addition, we received this footage, taken over the last few months
In all due respect, he sounds kind of pathetic to me
In all of this I didn't get the chance to thank you two
In all the turmoil, some good legislation was passed.
In ancient times women were rarely seen in the street.
In any case, there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels.
In any event, whatever occurs you do not belt anybody
In case I ever need to roll over on somebody
In case you hadn't noticed, we lost two men while you were out farting around
In case you haven't noticed, this wasn't our finest hour
In case you haven't noticed, we're in a little bit of a crisis here
In classical drama, such problems do not arise.
In each case there was an initial act of violence.
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
In exchange, we ask only that you follow the rules
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
In fact he was right to be worried.
In fact there is a question mark on everything.
In fact, I am the only person who can do it
In fact, I don't even see any point in your changing hotels
In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere.
In fact, he was the captain, I think he said.
In fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
In fact, she has already been tightening asylum law piecemeal.
In fact, the time was just right for Taylor's ideas.
In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill
In fact, we already have examples of interstellar travel today.
In five years a hundred-centimeter flat screen will be affordable.
In front of it would be his workbench.
In hindsight, there were telltale clues from the start.
In his grave there was a cloth or a dress or something
In his office, Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly.
In his opinion, Doc had not grown up.
In insulation, the numbers to remember are 6-4-2.
In it, five large figures tower over the street corner.
In keeping with tonight's motif, I'd like to announce this evening's big twist ending
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep.
In many cases, the money went to survivors.
In many ways I feel as though you were my own son
In movie they make of us, who do you think would act me?
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger.
In my three months off the apps, I experienced both.
In one night, I managed to hurt two people I cared about
In or out, should I kiss her goodnight?
In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds.
In pregnant women, lead is associated with reduced fetal growth.
In reality, she is working for both objectives.
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary.
In seconds all four cars were out of sight.
In short, and to borrow an arboreal phrase, slash timber.
In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects.
In some areas, the progress is slower than in others.
In some industries, like pharmaceuticals, acquisitions make sense.
In some instances a seventh question can be added.
In that way there's no trouble for the customer.
In that year she makes the movie The Cell.
In that year, she makes On the 6.
In the 1990s Tom Peters's ideas changed again.
In the Face of Savagery, What Do You Do?
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness.
In the corner was the soldier with the white flag.
In the end, he didn't have to make a decision.
In the end, remember that caffeine is a drug.
In the fight against cancer, I'm on the side of cancer
In the later poems, however, the personal tone predominates.
In the long run, it really doesn't matter.
In the meantime, please sign-in and have a seat
In the newsroom at CNN, careful planning was impossible.
In the next few days they had cause to rejoice.
In the past, Europe too had the feudal system.
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone.
In the second test, the lighting conditions were made worse.
In the south, things hardly look more promising.
In the street the traffic was really frightening.
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors.
In the tool crib she can't get away.
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers.
In the whole courtyard, only one person didn't come to the window
In their eyes, she is the standard
In this extremely sick picture there are very serious problems.
In this final line, we have the key to his nature.
In this forest, there is enough danger to sweep us away in days!
In this heavy air, however, that device did not seem to help.
In this respect I think the European institutions did well.
In this respect, boats can be compared with houses.
In this section I concentrate on production processes.
In this sense also, they are surely conformists.
In this system, no man is exempt from obligations.
In this, philosophy and science share a common goal.
In to tell him, of course, to is normally unstressed.
In total, 18 branches will pick up funding province wide.
In view of the particular circumstances, the housing allowance.
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist?
In what section of the country are you located?
In working, always slip marker from one needle to another.
In your opinion, why did Frank kidnap Dorothy's son and husband?
In your present condition, Alice, we're worried about your ability
Incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
Incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels.
Increase air conditioner
Increase air conditioner by one degree
Increase air conditioning by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by two degrees
Increase air conditioning to 20 degrees Celsius
Increase heating
Increase heating temperature
Increase heating temperature by two degrees
Increase heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase room eating by one degree
Increase room heating by one degree
Increase room temperature
Increase room temperature by one degree
Increase room temperature to 22 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating
Increase the heating of the room to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating temperature
Increase the room temperature
Increase the room temperature by two degrees
Increased demand means strong price competition for suppliers between processors.
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency.
Indeed, we are forced to go much farther.
Indication : The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward.
Inform him the fee is seventy five large for your return
Information about check-in
Information about check-out
Information about wifi
Information for hotel check-in
Information for hotel check-out
Inquire front desk number
Inquire front number
Inquire time for hotel check-in
Inquire time for hotel check-out
Inquire wifi password
Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly.
Inside, bunks are framed up and installed as indicated.
Inspections are being planned in other Queensland tomato growing regions.
Instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas.
Instead of radiators you'll have cooling-heating units, each with its own thermostat.
Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.
Instead, he says, the meals have had the opposite effect.
Instead, once again, he chose the most difficult direction.
Instead, they ask the people of the Internet.
Instead, they went on down the hall to their room.
Intangibles entered, then -- hunches which felt like facts.
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem
Interpreter Jinny Kim says the competition is fierce.
Investigating Arson is a top priority of ATF.
Investigation into the cause of the incident is ongoing.
Investors have seen a lot worse in recent months.
Investors need to keep a track of such changes.
Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is deeper.
Ironically, most political leaders are also big landowners.
Irrigated his face with the shot of J and B I'd just poured him
Irvine tries to save him but the rope breaks.
Is Visa or Mastercard okay to use during check in? 
Is Walter Wallace any relation to Henry A Wallace?
Is a company as important as a country?
Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie?
Is a playoff rematch also in the works?
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money?
Is dental floss available?
Is ethernet cabled internet service available inside the guests' hotel rooms?
Is it cheaper to buy things in the markets or online?
Is it in technologically advanced and developed societies?
Is it larger or fancier than you really need?
Is it necessary to check out of a hotel, or can I just leave?
Is it necessary to tell the front desk when I will be checking in? 
Is it possible for us to go somewhere where we can try making kimchi?
Is it possible for you to get a refill on my medication prescription?
Is it possible to be moved to a different room in the hotel?
Is it possible to brighten up the lights?
Is it possible to check in about an hour early?
Is it possible to check-out from my room
Is it possible to close the screen that contains this information
Is it possible to get a wakeup call at 8:30 Monday morning?
Is it possible to increase the brightness of the room?
Is it possible to increase the temperature of the AC?
Is it possible to make this room colder? Bring down the temperature by 5 degrees
Is it possible to select the last option from the list?
Is it possible to turn down the AC?
Is it that hard to get citizenship in Pakistan?
Is it too cold outside to run my AC?
Is it too early to order room service?
Is it too late to order something to eat right now?
Is it true that Emart closes on the second Sundays of every month?
Is it true that Korean people sleep overnight in jjimjilbangs?
Is it true that people only work for money?
Is it true that they don't want responsibility?
Is it worth the cost and the risks?
Is my AC temperature setting too low?
Is my driver's license acceptable to check-in to the hotel?
Is my room currently at 70 degrees ?
Is my room ready for me to check in to?
Is room service available around the clock at the hotel?
Is she the kid you're going to save from the burning building?
Is that still a goal on your horizon?
Is that what you're hoping to find at this palace, Dr. Jones?
Is that written somewhere, can someone cite that for me?
Is the AC blocked? It's still hot
Is the AC blowing air right now?
Is the AC running right now?
Is the AC turned on right now?
Is the AC working properly?
Is the Buwon Myeonok open at this time of night?
Is the additional seating going to pay for itself?
Is the air conditioner on?
Is the air conditioner working now?
Is the heater working properly?
Is the heater working properly? It doesn't feel strong enough
Is the heating for the room on?
Is the heating on?
Is the hotel room's WiFi password written here case sensitive?
Is the internet only accessible by WiFi or ethernet as well?
Is the room heating on?
Is the room heating system working?
Is the room heating up right now?
Is the room heating up? It still feels cold
Is the room's wifi working right now?
Is the temperature dropping any time soon?
Is the weather today favorable for a Hangang ferry cruise?
Is the wifi working for this room?
Is the wifi working? 
Is there 5G wifi available for this room?
Is there a 7-Eleven or Family Mart close to the hotel?
Is there a brochure available that explains all the facilities at this hotel?
Is there a different reality behind the facade?
Is there a faster way of checking in?
Is there a fee to use the hotel's money exchange service?
Is there a heater in this room?
Is there a hotel brochure somewhere?
Is there a lid available for me to request?
Is there a more roundabout way to get to Hongdae so that I hit less traffic?
Is there a number for a pediatrician?
Is there a pamphlet with the check out information?
Is there a password for the room's wifi?
Is there a password required for the wifi?
Is there a photocopy and printer that I can use at the hotel?
Is there a place close by we can eat a midnight meal at?
Is there a place out here that I can buy travel insurance from?
Is there a place where I can learn more about Korean skincare?
Is there a reason to check out when leaving the hotel?
Is there a specific time I need to check-in to the hotel by?
Is there a wake up call
Is there a wakeup alarm set?
Is there a wakeup call in place?
Is there a wakeup call set up?
Is there a wakeup call?
Is there a way that I can check out online? 
Is there a way to cancel room service?
Is there a way to change the amount of humidity in the room?
Is there a way to check-in online or through an app?
Is there a way to check-in using the internet?
Is there a way to connect to the wifi?
Is there a way to increase the room's temperature by 3 degrees?
Is there a way to look up details for the check-in process?
Is there a way to lower the temperature by 5 degrees?
Is there a way to see the status of the AC in this room?
Is there a way to see the status of this room?
Is there a way to turn off the AC for now?
Is there a way to warm up this room?
Is there an active wakeup alarm?
Is there any other way to do the job?
Is there any way out of the predicament?
Is there anyone available to help me in the front desk?
Is there anything interesting to do in my hotel?
Is there anything to eat in this thing?
Is there conditioner available?
Is there early check-in?
Is there express check-out?
Is there generally a dress code for the nightclubs in Hongdae?
Is there something I should know about the check-out process for this room?
Is there white-out?
Is this a reason for saving no one?
Is this a smoking or non-smoking room?
Is this just happened because you lost your favorite toy?
Is this life-death question a part of the chaos?
Is this place at room temperature right now? It doesn't feel like it
Is this room at room temperature?
Is this set to room temperature? Please increase the temperature
Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand?
Isaac also collaborated with other Quebecois artists on the recording.
Isn't it strange how our expectations have changed?
Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle?
Isn't there always crime, and hasn't there always been?
Isn't there anyone in the neighborhood who might cast an eye in her direction?
Isn't there room for just one more person?
Israel-Syrian talks have been cut off for nearly two years.
It added another 5% Monday before stocks rallied.
It almost always works out for the best.
It also aspires to reach the marginalized sector.
It also does not support state income tax returns.
It also has a drive-through and a delivery truck.
It always takes me a little while to get a name fixed in my mind
It bothered her that she probably would never know.
It came up again and again in the discussion sessions.
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit.
It cannot be effectively solved by treating the symptoms only.
It cannot be purely a matter of inertia.
It circled her thighs, exploring with its icy tentacles.
It cites 'longstanding, systemic weaknesses' related to communications.
It clanged shut as he sprang toward it.
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor.
It contains, in fact, their whole outlook on life.
It could have the same effect on Communists.
It could prove fatal for them as well as yourself
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
It depends on what you define as eradication, he said.
It detects and fixes minor file system logical errors.
It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted.
It didn't even have its own Facebook account, he says.
It didn't matter if someone was a bit off-key.
It didn't matter if the workers were unhappy.
It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training
It doesn't embrace only the artist, alone before his easel.
It doesn't make sense if you think about it
It doesn't stop us trying, though, does it?
It drops again after fifteen and twenty-one days.
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles.
It exists, I know that to be true, he said.
It feels like, maybe I don't wanna say it
It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet.
It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam, like metal.
It gets to number two in the US.
It gets worse you still have your freshman yearbook?
It gives you permission to act irrationally without repercussion.
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
It had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter.
It had been due to expire Friday evening.
It had been previously thought that over-hunting was to blame.
It had everything they wanted for their wedding, but it was never available
It had given them no useful information at all.
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
It has been in progress for some time now.
It has made a big difference in my life.
It has many training exercises including repelling from a helicopter.
It has taken many years to get to this point.
It has to be experienced, it can't be imagined
It has to do with teachers' salaries and tenure.
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off.
It included sweaters in thirty-six shades of wool.
It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground.
It is a big project, not to be taken lightly.
It is a bittersweet day for one outback mail contractor,
It is a day of eat, drink and be merry.
It is a dual-purpose cattle and does not have horns.
It is a role that must be taken seriously.
It is a souvenir from the world's fair
It is also a teaching on priesthood celibacy.
It is an organized system of these things.
It is best for you to go when you are not hungry
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards.
It is experienced by everyone regardless of age and sexuality.
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess.
It is good to see those numbers again.
It is hard to blame them for this.
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet.
It is important for you to know that information?
It is issued weekly throughout the college year.
It is just that he opposes the proposed location.
It is known as an aggressive, tenacious litigator
It is like asking if this corn is as yellow as that hill is steep
It is likely to be long and bloody.
It is more than just putting pieces of wood together
It is normally the biggest event of the year.
It is not a 'hit or miss' diagnosis.
It is not a mess you can make sense of.
It is not binding upon another Superior Court, which could rule to the contrary.
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil.
It is not enough simply to dismantle the Jungle.
It is not just the PNM fanatics who hear that.
It is not only the region that desperately needs this.
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft.
It is not that such questions are not asked.
It is not, however, on Saturday, as originally posted.
It is obviously humorous to us as an audience.
It is plain as hell Johnson is no reactionary.
It is possible and I know this isn't something you want to hear
It is pretty hard for me to fall asleep when I go to bed
It is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
It is said that all who feel its taint will succumb to the Thirst
It is so long since I have heard that word
It is taxpayers' dollars being used to address taxpayers' needs.
It is terrible to have lives end so randomly.
It is that fight that encouraged him to run.
It is the best ever yearling sale on Australian soil.
It is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
It is the driving force in a performance.
It is the first commercially caught species to be listed.
It is the same ole same, tell me its name.
It is their job to think about the unthinkable.
It is there and it must be allowed in.
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy.
It is time to unify and take action.
It is very wrong for you to be alone with her he added gravely
It is well liked by the children and faculty.
It is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort.
It just doesn't happen like it used to.
It looks like Larry's got everything, he said.
It looks like an explosion ripped through it.
It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing.
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
It made sense in that context on its own terms.
It makes me sick that I said that to you
It makes the project easier to handle now
It may be the only thing in my life I've been so clear about wanting
It may just be that the footer is outdated.
It may take awhile but you'll be found after we're long gone
It may, on occasion, be anything but that.
It might pay to reexamine a few of your more primitive notions
It must be using the duct system to get around
It must have been at that point that they decided to steal the money
It must have got there when you fell against me.
It needs a two-thirds' approval from voters to take effect.
It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him.
It only takes about two hours to install the flags.
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.
It probably wouldn't be a good idea for them to get together at this point
It provides a frame for the sampling census.
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled.
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
It said Gala artists will be announced soon.
It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls
It seemed as if they were all under a spell.
It seemed as though she were always auditioning.
It seemed clean now, but Alec decided against a bath.
It seemed that her dream had come true.
It seems a particular patient of yours has captured his fancy
It seems as though you might have modeled for the artist
It seems college isn't what it should be.
It seems like the AC is too strong, decrease the wind speed
It seems like the room is still cold, I want to increase the room's temperature
It seems that the council is actually doing things.
It seems to me that it rather easily can.
It seems to me the man is preparing his own cross
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that.
It should not be postponed later than the next day.
It shows that the government is really afraid of me.
It simply isn't, not by a long shot.
It slips away, it burns and tortures me.
It smelt so good that it went to the little Mouse's head
It sold 500,000 copies in its first week!
It soothed the rash and diminished the pain a lot.
It sounded like a man kicking a melon.
It sounds like you need to read better books.
It still doesn?셳 feel warm in my room, turn on the heater
It stood in its original form until 1882.
It takes longer than five minutes to really get to know someone
It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid
It tells me we're somebody now, Gardner said.
It took a lot of years of experience, she said.
It took a tragedy to bring things to a head.
It took him a long time to compose himself.
It took me less than five minutes to write.
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace.
It took three more vodka cranberries to subdue Claudia
It took you long enough to get my ass out
It turns out some things are worth preserving
It turns out something else was in the works.
It was Freddy, and he's coming back for seconds, thirds, and fourths
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle.
It was Mallory and Irvine, climbing strongly towards the summit.
It was Mr. Jack, bellowing out in the hall.
It was a Miss contest for crying out loud.
It was a bad run fit on third-and-18.
It was a beautiful, white building surrounded by gardens.
It was a better job and it paid more money.
It was a chaser he really made his mark, though.
It was a clear night and it was raining!
It was a dream, you're awake, you're all right, now
It was a good joke, but it was also true.
It was a grotesque hen, five or six feet tall.
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute.
It was a long, difficult journey which took a month.
It was a nice place, not filled with smoke.
It was a real breakthrough for African Americans.
It was a relief to get rid of the weight.
It was a relief when they finally came.
It was a thrill he felt no part in.
It was a time of revelations for him.
It was a view no man had ever seen before.
It was a walk up on Hudson Street.
It was all made of stuff that's happened to you in the last few days
It was all my doing -- his seeing her.
It was almost impossible to believe that anything could change.
It was an immediate success among certain kinds of people.
It was as if it had been done.
It was at this point that an unforeseen hiccup occurred.
It was at times a long, difficult road
It was bad judgment on your part, plain and simple
It was barely possible that his brother was right.
It was best to die fighting the marines.
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it.
It was clear that Everest had won - this time.
It was clear, though, that Mallory had stopped using oxygen.
It was curious how the different visitors took this.
It was dark and the road was lined with bushes.
It was difficult to stand, hardly possible to walk.
It was easier to think now, Watson decided.
It was evident that Mullins was the man to go.
It was exactly the message that Americans wanted.
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
It was for love that he had served the Navy.
It was free, I recall that was the chief selling point for you
It was given or it was not given.
It was hard but I didn't want to give up.
It was harder to climb without the ski sticks.
It was just going to be one of those days.
It was just that little accidents played into her hands.
It was just this thing that happened along with everything else
It was like hitting a sack of salt.
It was like my teddy bear when I was growing up
It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could
It was meant to insult him, and didn't quite succeed.
It was merely an attempt to frighten her.
It was most unlikely that she would be firm.
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first.
It was my finger that pulled the trigger, but I'm not morally responsible
It was nice then, so peaceful and quiet.
It was nice to be able to isolate it.
It was not a discourteous question, Lawrence decided.
It was not, whatever tale was told by tails.
It was nothing, though his heart was thumping wildly.
It was only a matter of time, they agreed.
It was part of a citywide move toward full integration.
It was probably a hundred times bigger than your company.
It was probably luck- I'd rather you did the shooting
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
It was quite a bit to do with me
It was quite heartening to earn such titles.
It was really a May and December combination.
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
It was said that he had had a vision.
It was signed by everyone in the troupe.
It was soon clear that he had no choice.
It was the beginning of a great creative friendship.
It was the call of the wild all right.
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis.
It was the first blow that was always difficult.
It was the first jazz he had heard.
It was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen.
It was the only way to get his attention
It was the principle of the thing, he said.
It was the rag-man told me about the place
It was they who held the future in their hands.
It was through Geffen that he met Sill.
It was to be nothing more than that.
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself.
It was too cold and dangerous to stay there long.
It was too late to worry about that.
It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows.
It wasn't his fault that these things were so.
It wasn't like getting cheated at the fair.
It wasn't so because it couldn't be so.
It wasn't supposed to happen this way, it shouldn't have happened
It wasn't what Mae would want him to do, though.
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour.
It will be covered within the mayor's annual budget.
It will be good luck for you to wear that helmet
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
It will cost you the rest of your life.
It will feel like 30s though with the surging wind.
It will help you understand the subject matter better
It will legitimize everything I've tried to do for you.
It will probably send people my way, he said.
It will rip and shred easily for Madame.
It won't be easy to get rid of your prophet now, Don Sanchez
It won't be the strangest invasion from outer space.
It would be a bad place to die.
It would be better to forgive if one could really forgive
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them.
It would have been a game changer for Sacramento.
It would have been easier if you'd gone
It would have been so easy to let him in as you went out
It would have been worth turning out for them alone.
It would have killed you in the cabin.
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you.
It'll be a lot better if you come clean.
It'll be fine, we'll be out of here in a jiff
It's Thursday today, and it's almost five, come on!
It's a beautiful spot and it's a heritage area.
It's a big religious thing with her and she won't even discuss it
It's a bit chilly, can we turn down the AC?
It's a bit chilly, what's the temperature like?
It's a bit more like how can we help you
It's a bit too warm in here
It's a feeling that can't be truly imagined, only experienced.
It's a form of guerrilla street-fighting developed by the Israeli army
It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff
It's a good thing, Rocky, take some time off to write
It's a great icebreaker, and we need to talk.
It's a great way to start the morning, but he just had a huge date
It's a mistake you don't have to make
It's a painting I'm restoring for the new exhibition
It's a plea for the butterflies, beetles and birds.
It's a time for giving of yourself, for thinking of your fellow man
It's a very extreme assumption to say that, he said.
It's a very hard decision at the moment, he said.
It's a very strange ontological position to occupy.
It's a very successful marriage that happened to only last three years
It's a weak man who tests his power to weaks
It's a wonderful program for them, said Beech.
It's a wonderful thing to have so many friends
It's about what the Canadian way of life is.
It's all right as long as it sticks together.
It's all right, I don't think Tex does, either
It's always been a challenge since I started cooking.
It's always been that way-oil, both blessing and curse.
It's an honor to nominate these Wyoming students.
It's as if everyone just up and vanished.
It's as if they want to lessen the shock.
It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for
It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you
It's been a real eye-opener for me, he shared.
It's been great, everyone is so supportive, Diana said.
It's best to leave him alone when he's like this
It's chaotic, turbulent, and there's an unknown outcome.
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table.
It's chilly in here. I think the room heating needs to be on
It's cold outside, set the temperature higher in this room
It's easier to say this than to do it.
It's easy to forget these men are mere mortals.
It's essential for his recovery
It's even worse that you can stand here and lie to me
It's extremely difficult to win a section title.
It's freezing in here, I want to turn up the heating
It's getting so a guy can't step out without being called a magnolia
It's going to be a magnificent day she murmured pretending to stretch and yawn again
It's going to be almost dark before we get back
It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis
It's going to be your call in the end.
It's great and everything, but what am I going to do with all this?
It's great plain, or with a dollop of sour cream.
It's happened to us a few times this year.
It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it?
It's having varying effects from state to state, he said.
It's hopeless, I don't even know what we're looking for
It's horrible, but it'll be your best friend after a few days
It's hot, lower air conditioning by one degree
It's how we define our own unique features.
It's how you get over them that matters.
It's injected into the bone marrow cells, it causes the host's DNA to mutate
It's just a few acres, get over it!
It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down
It's just a prick of the finger and a few drops of blood
It's just a technical date for seeding insurance.
It's just an excuse for us to spend time with you
It's just as beautiful as any other place I've seen
It's just breaking and entering, unless we take it someplace
It's just gonna be silence and then people chewing
It's just he and I have been together for nine years
It's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt
It's just not as good as the first one.
It's just that I should get going in a few minutes
It's just you need to give me the money
It's just, things are a bit hot for me right now
It's just, you know, with life and jobs and kids
It's kind of still happening and she's over here right now
It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn.
It's like Huey said, you're more important than any of us
It's like I'm trying to preserve something that's already gone
It's like the cat, the mouse and the bell.
It's makes things super difficult for us, but it's great
It's more encouraging for northern and north-west Queensland, he said.
It's more than anything we can do on our own.
It's my job to risk my life, but not yours
It's never too early to start practicing healthy habits.
It's normal, it's even normal for me to get a little touchy about it
It's not a great impost on the employers, he said.
It's not all right, it's the worst thing I've ever said to anyone
It's not as though this stuff comes out of nowhere.
It's not bright enough, turn on the lights near the bed
It's not easy, and on some level, it has to just be easy
It's not fair for me to bail out almost.
It's not going to happen without government intervention.
It's not gonna come from everyone pointing the finger.
It's not her fault, it's not her fault, the guy must have called them
It's not just the mayor's race on the ballot tomorrow.
It's not life-threatening, but we should exercise the rest of it
It's not like a marriage proposal or anything, just a thought
It's not like it makes all your problems go away
It's not really the best time to talk
It's not something that I set out to do.
It's not that I haven't thought about this
It's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room
It's not very effective in direct sunlight, but it's a start
It's okay to close the home screen now
It's okay to close the screen with room information since I don't need it anymore
It's okay to close the screen with the list of hotel facilities, I'm well informed
It's our job to show them the diversity, she said.
It's particularly tough in the eastern part of our state.
It's perfect for people who are just starting out.
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
It's pretty obvious you don't want me around any more
It's probably something your husband was given as a bad joke
It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country
It's quite in vogue in high end construction right now
It's raining outside and I don't have an umbrella I can use
It's really quite something to see you all grown up like this
It's rolled up in the tube on the floor back there
It's silly, childish, running after them like that.
It's simple enough from my point of view.
It's simple, easy and keeps users coming back for more.
It's simply an old-fashioned rolling toy, no bells or whistles.
It's so cold in here, please turn the heater on
It's so much trouble, I don't usually bother.
It's some sort of mutant combination of the two
It's something we expected to happen, he said.
It's still difficult for all families to afford the fees.
It's still hot, please check the status of the AC
It's terrifying, overwhelming, and incredibly efficient all at once.
It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days
It's the key that's kept me locked to you all these years
It's the latest surgical technology in Lake Charles.
It's the one thing I have to look forward to
It's the only way I'll be able to find a cure for myself
It's the right thing to do, Brown said.
It's the rough parts that make you thankful you have people to share it with
It's the same thing in terms of culture.
It's the same with Ron Hansen and Jim Gentile.
It's time for me to checkout
It's too bad I'll never get to see it
It's too bright in here, I want to turn off all the lights
It's too dark in here, I want to brighten up the room
It's too dry, my skin is starting to crack
It's too late to order, turn off the menu
It's too risky, one, and two, everything's going on the internet
It's two years of my life I'm never getting back
It's unfair to the shareholders and embarrassing for our region.
It's very important you don't let this raise your expectations
It's very wonderful to hear a man say such a nice compliment
It's warm enough, turn off the heater
It's wasted time trying to logically figure out the female brain
It's, it's in reference to that gentleman and my wife
Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors.
Its next boss was Henry Ford's grandson, Henry Ford II.
Its parent company, AWB, is also reviewing costs.
Its spokesperson did not return phone calls seeking further comment.
Its success is a tribute, above all, to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist.
Jack gave himself up for the sake of his loyal crew
Jack scanned the skies, the boards, and the skies again.
Jack you up and string you out like a two dollar whore
Jack, I got to get back, get back to town
Jack, it's a fool's errand: You've heard the tales they tell about the Pearl
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord.
Jan and I both turned 71 this year.
Jane raised her eyebrows. 'Why would I mind?'
January's snowfall was slightly above the long-term average.
Jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold.
Jenkins said running with professional athletes excites her.
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me, murmuring endearments.
Jennifer's friends and family are very happy for them.
Jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong?
Jerry was man that was always ready to help someone.
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose.
Jewish rabbis would have no difficulty with this.
Jim had put the thanks in his sister's mouth.
Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her.
Job applications can be filed on the company's website.
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent.
Jockey Dean Butler found an opening on the final turn.
Jody was the bomb and she's a beloved artist.
Joe Burns, fielding at short leg, certainly felt that way.
Joe Snell and Toby Halls at the teen awards.
Joel Walters is a licensed Barrow Co builder.
John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy.
Johnny Ray, at the same L. R., has something to cry about.
Join us for an evening of musical entertainment.
Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips.
Jurors must be declared eligible, impartial, representative, and competent.
Just a few days ago, two new volcanoes erupted.
Just a little joke to lighten up the mood
Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven.
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him.
Just buy the Tribune tonight and read all about it
Just expect to be offended and laugh a lot.
Just give him time, give him a chance.
Just how does one come off as measured and calm?
Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
Just keep your ear to the phone and don't make a sound
Just like you can't turn off the way you feel
Just long enough to make you feel important.
Just look for the really crowded road and follow that
Just musing about our 'one eyed adversary' and the legend of Homer
Just one fewer day, I get to help people
Just one more thing, did she ever talk about getting rich?
Just one thing we got to do first
Just promise me, no matter what, we will always be there for the big moments
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment.
Just say it and you got it but PLEASE don't get off me now
Just sitting here listening to her voice does it to me all over again
Just so the record is kept straight though, I love Mike
Just so you know, I don't think you're that clever
Just take it, take the money in my pockets
Just talk to me later about it, ok?
Just tell me your five main interests, in order of importance
Just trying to set the mood for the mission, get the feeling
Just wait till she saw the Mare's foal.
Just wanted to say good luck with the interview
Just what army do you think the Colonel was in?
Just win I reckon - about 10 points, said another.
Justice Young added another four to this category.
Kate asked, uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma.
Kate greeted him gravely, uneasy with misgivings at his visit.
Katie scrambled to her feet, Stevie agilely retaining his seat.
Keep a weather eye open for passing ships, and our chances are fair
Keep gripes with an old boss or co-worker private.
Keep my mouth shut and let you do the talking
Keep that up and I'll find you in contempt
Keep the chatter to a minimum, short answers, one word, if possible.
Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle.
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed.
Keep the room temperature at 23 degrees even when we are out
Keeping that up to date will be tough!
Keeping those hands forwards and the stance open.
Kelly appreciated having a teammate with him at the podium.
Kennedy drove in two runs, and Baker had an RBI.
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
Kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests.
Kind of a bleak point of view there, isn't it Marty?
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white.
Know hotel reservation check-out time
Knowledge sharing can help brand planning across countries.
Knowledge workers are the brains of the company.
Kristina and I could have a good life for five hundred grand
Lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 45th annual Local Area Media Awards
Lady, you don't have to keep up a running commentary
Language was invented so that people could lie to each other and to themselves
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks.
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations.
Large room with double glazed window to the front.
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted.
Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
Last New Year's, we went our separate ways, and it sucked
Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag.
Last but not least is the quarterback room.
Last time you did that, it didn't end well for you
Last time, I was here a grand total of three days
Last week I had a bad day at the office.
Last week, many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran.
Last year we had a great senior group.
Lastly, Ottawa may choose not to appoint an interim commissioner.
Late in the afternoon, I was up on Seven again.
Later on, the children told her further about somersaulting.
Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall.
Later, he moved back to Conrad to the Horizon Lodge.
Launch a 30 minute timer
Launch all hotel facilities information
Launch facility information
Launch hotel facility information
Launch hotel facility information, now
Launch hotel information
Launch hotel introduction
Launch room information
Launch room service
Launch room status
Launch status of the room
Launch the concierge
Launch the concierge app
Launch the timer
Launch the timer and time 30 minutes
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance, a company spokesman said.
Lawyer says he can plead it down to five years
Lawyers for the two sides weren't immediately available for comment.
Leach pitched seven innings and gave up two runs.
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome.
Leaning forward in her chair, Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face.
Learn more about the Department of Sociology & Anthropology.
Least that way we could hang out more like we used to
Leave amenities list
Leave amenities screen
Leave help page
Leave it in the front of your house for me
Leave room for souvenirs that you never imagined buying.
Leave the alarm display
Leave the alarm menu
Leave the alarm screen
Leave the concierge app
Leave timer app
Leave timer screen
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains.
Less bull the more you can do with em.
Lester heard their muttering, saw their eyes reveal their desire.
Let all projects dry slowly for several days.
Let me finish this so we can get out of here
Let me just tidy up a few things
Let me know if I set up a wakeup call
Let me know the status of the room darkening curtain
Let me see how easy you can turn it on
Let me see if I understand this right.
Let me sponsor your first wager in the arena
Let me take this project from now on
Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby. Wrong is wrong
Let me tell you what happened to me today.
Let the front desk know that I need amenities
Let the front desk know that I need speakers
Let the hotel staff know that I need room cleaning
Let the noodles air-dry and firm up in a colander.
Let the poor bastards wallow in their own personal failures.
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain.
Let us differentiate a few of these ideas.
Let us know what you think about this.
Let us look at another aspect of this English dominance.
Let us now give some thought to the soul.
Let your knowledge and expertise be your gift.
Let's arrange a wakeup call for 9 AM tomorrow
Let's get back to work, and maybe we will be, soon
Let's get out of here, this place makes me sick
Let's get to the top and talk to Jack first
Let's go look at the sand pit behind your house
Let's hit the road, sooner we get a move on sooner we'll find her
Let's hope we come to a safer place.
Let's just do what we gotta do here, and get the fuck gone
Let's just leave it at: it was one hell of a surprise
Let's just say that you've given me the satisfaction to have guessed correctly
Let's make changes to my wakeup call
Let's say that's the truck he drove yesterday
Let's see a list of the hotel amenities
Let's see the hotel amenities
Let's set up a morning alarm
Let's set up a wakeup call
Let's wait and see how you survive your first crisis
Let???see who is good at trimming trees
Let?셲 see who is good at trimming trees
Life is so much more delightful when lived in a silk suit
Life, Love & Desire has two special song collaborators.
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground.
Lighter showers will sprinkle the region in the coming days.
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner!
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
Like Eisenhower, he holds the militarist's suspicion of politicians.
Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?
Like Napoleon, he was the worst of losers.
Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol.
Like as if it were built of books.
Like everybody, I always buy groceries for the whole week
Like most of us, I have taken some hard knocks.
Like right now, there's actually like hordes of dead people shambling around us?
Like yourselves, we have pride and love for our country.
Like, I put Ray J in it, bro.
Lila's not going to leave me because of my eyesight
Lily, I told you not to call him that
Lily, you have to get out of there this instant
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance.
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected.
Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable.
Lines came out neatly and in good balance.
List all hotel amenities please
List of all the amenities
List of life-Iong dreams, you're now half as long
List up all amenities in the hotel
Listen for air moving in and out of airway.
Listen, Goddamn it if you think I'm happy about it, you're nuts
Listen, I know it's late, but do you want to come over?
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom
Listeners also can modify their behavior to improve communication.
Listening is an art, a virtue, and a lifestyle.
Listening to customers is a big part of that effort.
Little can be done about the changing of dates.
Live from Atalanta, good evening Lynne Russell, CNN headline news.
Load the service information page
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms.
Local log home manufacturing company seeking a skilled millwright.
Location theorists have given these matters much consideration.
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward.
Look Joyce, I need your key to the files, not advice, okay?
Look at all these little things so busy all of a sudden
Look at room status
Look at the artistry of these carvings and the scrollwork
Look at you, five hundred dollar suit and you're still a lowlife
Look for all hotel amenities
Look for check-in time for the hotel
Look for check-out time for the hotel
Look for front desk number
Look for front number
Look up check-in details
Look up check-in information
Look up check-in information, now
Look up check-in time
Look up check-in time for the hotel
Look up check-out details
Look up check-out information
Look up check-out time
Look up check-out time for the hotel
Look up details on check-in
Look up details on check-out
Look up facility information
Look up front desk number
Look up front number
Look up hotel amenities
Look up hotel check-in time
Look up hotel check-out time
Look up hotel reservation check-in time
Look up hotel reservation check-out time
Look up information for hotel check-in
Look up information on check-in
Look up information on check-out
Look up now check-out information
Look up now the wifi password for the room
Look up options for room service
Look up room service
Look up the wifi password for the room
Look up the wifi password, now
Look up time for hotel check-in
Look up time for hotel check-out
Look up what options are available for room service
Look up what time check-in is
Look up what time check-out is
Look up what time the hotel check-in is
Look up what time the hotel check-out is
Look up wifi
Look up wifi password
Look up wifi password, now
Look what those little European jobs are doing.
Look, Eddie, I'm telling you I didn't touch her
Look, I can't sign off on a band I've never even seen
Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!
Look, I don't wanna be exactly like my family
Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing
Look, I just turned off my brain for the night
Look, I know it sounds insincere when people say that but we could
Look, I know that sounds cheesy, but it's just true
Look, I'm not even sure she has anything to do with this
Look, I'm so sorry that I questioned your motives
Look, after Jordy briefs me, you can do the press conference
Look, even if anyone found anything there, it's twenty years ago
Look, he's got nothing to do with this. let him go
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy
Look, if you're a hooker, I don't have a lot of money
Look, in spite of whatever happened between us, we are still friends
Look, it would not be smart if we got together
Look, it's the one chance you've had all day to help someone in need
Look, let's embrace immigration for what it is.
Look, when I was 17, I used to sneak into clubs all the time
Look, why don't you and Lila stay here and have your natural life
Lookin' doubtful there, Big Guy, but ten out of ten for attitude
Looking for a good dry cleaner or computer repair shop?
Looks like Pat is waiting on the poll numbers.
Looks like the best parts have already been spoken for
Lord knows I had everything set for you.
Lord knows I was never much welcome in this house before
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel.
Lot of people waiting to see you, though.
Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served.
Lots of people with their cameras out taking photos.
Louis did for me what I did for you last night
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes.
Low interest rates make now a good time to invest.
Lower air conditioner by one degree
Lower air conditioning temperature by one degree
Lower air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower heating temperature by one degree
Lower heating to 22 degrees Celsius
Lower room heating by one degree
Lower room temperature by one degree
Lower room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower the air conditioner
Lower the heating
Lower the heating temperature
Lower the room temp by one degree
Lower the room temperature
Luciano Benetton was on an airplane, reading a letter.
Luciano claimed that he was surprised by the negative reaction.
Luciano himself arrived shortly afterward in a green taxi.
Luciano saw them for the first time in Milan.
Luckily, there was still one person I could call to get a ride home
Lucy McCauley is a writer and editor living in Dallas.
Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it.
Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible.
Luther isn't the kind of guy that looks for company
Lynette told me it really tore her up when you didn't call this week
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places.
MacLellan said the donations went directly to the soccer club.
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance.
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund.
Made him give them the pin numbers of our accounts
Madonna knew that she could be this kind of star.
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that.
Maggie is an aggressive player on our field, Johnson said.
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe.
Maintain, repair or replace - the choice is yours.
Majestic Pick comes next, with a mile
Major European auction houses are turning increasingly to specialized sales.
Major-General Jeffrey hopes the trip will inspire others.
Make a request for bath amenities
Make a request for concierge services
Make a request for eight comforters
Make a request for pull-out beds
Make a request for room cleaning services
Make a request for two comforters
Make air conditioner decrease by one degree
Make air conditioner go down by one degree
Make air conditioner go up by one degree
Make air conditioner increase by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature decrease by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go down by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go up by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature increase by one degree
Make an alarm for Tuesday 11 AM
Make changes to my wakeup call
Make heating of the room turn off
Make heating of the room turn on
Make room heating decrease by one degree
Make room heating go down by one degree
Make room heating go up by one degree
Make room heating increase by one degree
Make room temperature decrease by one degree
Make room temperature go down by one degree
Make room temperature go up by one degree
Make room temperature increase by one degree
Make sure that the room doesn't exceed 63 degrees Fahrenheit
Make that shot just the way I made it before
Make the air conditioner on
Make the display switch off for the time being
Make the heater blow more air
Make the heating higher
Make the heating lower
Make the heating temperature higher
Make the heating temperature lower
Make the man put them in if he has to.
Make the menu go away
Make the room have air conditioner
Make the room have heating
Make the room status screen off
Make the room temperature higher
Make the room temperature lower
Make the selection for the eleventh one
Make the temperature drop lower by 3 degrees
Make this room 10 degrees  higher
Make this room colder by decreasing the temperature around 10 degrees
Make this room have heating
Make this room slightly colder
Managers at General Motors had a good life.
Managing cloud storage is another cause for headache.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
Many Indonesian pro-democracy groups supported Timor's struggle for self determination.
Many apparel companies have met a similar fate.
Many assume that Anderson, a drummer, entered a band fraternity.
Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives.
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement.
Many families can afford to pay a small amount.
Many local celebrities and politicians will be in attendance.
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
Many of our very best friends are reformers.
Many of our young people think it would.
Many of the historical recounting have archival photos.
Many of the new appointees are art collectors.
Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports.
Many of them suffered from skin rashes like scabies.
Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action.
Many people thought she was making a big mistake.
Many rate increases already have been put into effect.
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
Many types of servers exist for a variety of needs.
Many users thought of choosing 2 possible combinations.
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable.
Many years later I went to see S.K.
Marcella is no stranger to lies and deception though.
Margie's travels continued on for a few years.
Marijuana is illegal in my country, and I believe in yours, as well
Mark said her soul's trapped with it, that's why she can't come to me
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective.
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge.
Marrying him had been all I wanted for a long time
Martin also was third in the triple jump.
Martin was standing a few feet from the front door.
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck.
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
Mary Jane got up, quietly, and walked away.
Mary is just a paralegal who lives in my building
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
Master bedroom, two further bedrooms, family bathroom and separate toilet.
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700.
Matters Divine do not require super-education to understand.
Maurice, even if it was true, what are you worried about?
May 5 proved to be a day for burglaries.
May I add a caution on this particular point?
May I have more bath amenities
May lead to an argument, but we're settling this
May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face
May we love, honor and respect one another as such.
Maybe Freddy can't get to new kids without someone like me
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think
Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back
Maybe Luther hopes Ganz'll give him a piece of your money
Maybe if the Tablet were intact, you'd have something to go on
Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore
Maybe in the author's life, she experienced something different.
Maybe it wasn't you, but you know what I'm talking about
Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael
Maybe it'd be better if we just leave each other alone
Maybe it's a ritual thing or someone trying to send a message
Maybe it's not such a bad idea to think about this one
Maybe it's the massive blood loss taIking, but I'm starving
Maybe it's time to get back in the saddle.
Maybe next year we'll break them out, too.
Maybe not a Panther, but it's someone from the neighborhood
Maybe not in name, but at least in spirit.
Maybe now you understand why I can't get a date
Maybe she really does have a brain injury
Maybe she was just using you to try and get back at some guy
Maybe she's afraid she'll be struck by lightning.
Maybe some part of me thought that you still loved me
Maybe that's another reason that makes living here so great.
Maybe the effects of this campaign were growing less powerful.
Maybe there will be even more lunacy than usual.
Maybe they'll stop it now, once for all.
Maybe they're slowly poisoning us or they're planning to brainwash us
Maybe we are talking about them too much.
Maybe we could get together some time and talk about it
Maybe whatever they are, they just haven't appeared yet on her?
Maybe when they call I'll just tell Ellie I haven't seen the damn cat around
Maybe you could just put in a shot of Martell?
Maybe you do not believe she taught me
Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about
Maybe you ought to go to a clinic, get some treatments
Mayor needs to concentrate on establishing after school-programs.
McCain started out sloppily but has hit his stride early.
McFeeley greeted the parents, then studied his notebook.
McGill, a Valparaiso, Ind., ball-bearing manufacturer, had rebuffed BroadBeach's proposal.
Me and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale
Means held steady one jump ahead of her.
Meanwhile, the nation is experiencing the repercussions of recession.
Meanwhile, three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing.
Measure M does not lower the threshold or address it.
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures.
Meet six local rising stars of the surf.
Meetings are open to all who are interested.
Meetings shouldn't be used mainly to present information.
Memorials may be made to any no-kill animal shelter.
Memories incorporated delicately, embroidered handkerchiefs from a by-gone era.
Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries
Men, she reflected, even men like Stanley, are unpredictable.
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm.
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming.
Merck's profit climbed 25%, Warner-Lambert's 22% and Eli Lilly's 24%.
Michael Matthews from Young says the rain does bring hope.
Michael, you shouldn't be happy when someone else isn't feeling well
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
Microscopically, there was emphysema, fibrosis, and vascular congestion.
Might as well take the rest of the day off
Mike Gallagher wants to reduce benefits to the poverty line.
Mike and Donna have three children and twelve grandchildren.
Mike placed both his hands on his hips.
Mike sat quietly watching the manager come nearer.
Mike stripped these from him and donned them.
Mike went over to Phil and stood over him.
Millions and millions of people have bought his books.
Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets.
Mine was to interrupt you less, so that's good
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets.
Mink frog - Average size is 1.5 inch.
Miss Braslow, I'd like to remind you that you are still under oath
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
Miss Grey Result: improvement. Has gained a pay rise.
Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions
Mistakes were made, but lessons had to be learned.
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people.
Moby was a popular recording artist when I was young
Modify time for the wake up call
Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain.
Mom does not like to get the whole fish
Mom probably wants carrots, potatoes, cabbages and some lettuce
Monarchists hope to defeat the republic at the referendum.
Monday will be the council's first vote on each.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four.
Moore, L. Brown, and Anderson had one RBI each.
Mopping up operations are underway in certain areas.
More "reform" is the last thing we need.
More I cannot say, lest I choke up.
More and more you'll see perverse hardcore coming into the mainstream, because that's evolution
More attendants, nurses and doctors should be hired.
More bouncing, another stop, a new house for teachers, a new well.
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen.
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable.
More people might be harder to sneak in
More predictions to come in the near future.
More than 200 of its 230 teachers signed up.
More than 330,000 sheep were shipped out last month alone.
Moreover, even getting this across would be difficult.
Moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt.
Moreover, the entire state Democratic hierarchy, from Gov.
Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait.
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door.
Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
Morgues unable to cope with the rising number of corpses.
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed.
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful.
Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries.
Most Romans, even some postmen, know it by the old name.
Most companies have good people working for them.
Most companies want to treat their customers well.
Most conservatives share his willful ignorance, and his hypocrisy.
Most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring.
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents.
Most of Europe, the Middle East and Asia are battle ready
Most of the original staff knows about the twelfth floor
Most of the time I get what I ask for.
Most of the works were not for sale.
Most of them this past year, I'd say.
Most people would answer 'no' to both questions.
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level.
Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out
Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information.
Mr Clancy jumped to his feet. 'I protest!'
Mr Davis will start his role in mid-September.
Mr Gale Result: bad. Loss of dental practice.
Mr O'Connor says he is determined to stay on.
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
Mr. Cardenas, I suggest you move on to another line of questioning
Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold.
Mr. Gardner, I don't think this is the place to discuss this matter
Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail for our team
Mr. H. is dead today because he followed this advice.
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court.
Mr. Kerry has met with skepticism from Palestinians as well.
Mr. Robinson could not be reached for comment.
Mr. Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one.
Mr. Schuyler is a bit put out by all the rumors going around
Mr. Smith, I've read some of your plays and I'd like an autograph
Mr. Stein was fined $25,000 and suspended for three years.
Mr. Watson, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions.
Much happened in this field during the past 12 months.
Much of the work of government is difficult.
Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor.
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes.
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force.
Must I check out at the front desk?
Must be a different Japan from the one I know.
Must be rough on you thinking of me wearing this cast
Must have paid you a lot, for you to risk everything
My Grandma has five cats and she gets lonely
My Uncle Tony worked with you at 2 back when you were a rookie
My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year
My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling
My brother says things are going really well between you and Nathan
My children would rather I spared their experiences.
My client doesn't have to take this crap from you
My comforter smells bad
My dad's got this thing about drinking in the house
My daddy had me throwing googlies from the age of five
My elders were foolish enough to dismiss them as wives tales
My faith in our bedrock values has never wavered.
My faith is very important to me, he said.
My feet are cold
My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy
My friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular run.
My friends are gonna love you, like you, you know as a friend
My husband took the kids to the Illinos State Fair
My internet connection suddenly stopped working and it won't work
My internet is really slow so is there another WiFi channel that I can use?
My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us.
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart
My mother's thirty-nine years old and she still works in that factory
My name is Barry and I spoke to you last time
My name is Lt. Wydell, I'd like to ask you a few questions
My nose is still runny, I need some Kleenex
My only concern is the welfare and prosperity of Spain
My parents left me that house, I was born there
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful, inadequate, unwanted.
My preference is the eleventh one
My response was equally forced, "Why, thank you, sweetheart."
My room does not need heating anymore
My room needs cleaning service
My room needs room cleaning services
My room needs to have heating
My room needs to turn off the heating
My room needs to turn on the heating
My skin feels irritable
My son didn't deserve to die, she said.
My trip out here, what we've both been doing, you know
My wedding is in two days, that's how it's going
My wife is the game player in the family
My wife's family is all gone, and someone has to look after her interest
My wife, Madeleine, has several pieces of jewelry that belonged to Carlotta
NFA does not compete with commercial rice traders, Cortes said.
Nabisco didn't need a new product development process.
Nadine's constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed.
Nationalizing it is only the first required step.
Naturally, he couched the provision in obscure language.
Naturally, he couldn't let his shipmates know this.
Naval procedure, he thought, had its moments of grim humor.
Navigate me out of the screen with the hotel information
Nearly half the children still receive no education.
Needless to say, any such inference would be quite unwarranted.
Needless to say, there was not much sleeping going on.
Neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation.
Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment.
Neonatal kittens are included in these rescue group blasts.
Never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically.
Never known to fail, publication must be promised.
Never let the sun go down on an argument, Jody used to say
Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that
Nevertheless, we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A.
New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones.
New technology will make the TV interface easier.
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay.
Next morning, he found a note in the refrigerator.
Next morning, he left the tent where it was.
Next time I want to break a lease I'll know who to call
Next to those is an inflatable moose head.
Next was Melt Dunes, a psychedelic rock group from Southampton.
Next year's show, the 15th annual event, is March 2-5.
Next, learn and practice basic forward and roll casts.
Next, the hen was nested and all seemed well.
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face.
Nice set of friends you have out there
Nicodemus was a respected man at this time.
Nikita Khrushchev, however, has created yet another problem for himself.
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already.
Ninth one
No Does that mean I can't be a donor?
No additional information about the winning ticket was released.
No alcohol was sold, so everyone took their own.
No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts.
No but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used.
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found.
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps.
No doubt it had to do with the log.
No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic.
No harm admitting I fell in love with the sound of you
No information is shared and it is totally private.
No line because of Cam Newton's uncertain status.
No matter how many elections you win, they never will
No matter what you think of me, I didn't do it
No more alarm menu
No more amenities please, I have everything I need
No more could he defend himself against them.
No more wake up call, please
No offense, or anything, but it's kind of hard to swallow
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
No one in Sierra County has the necessary skills.
No one is allowed to enter the Casbah at this hour
No one is threatening anyone else just yet.
No one material is best for all situations.
No one seemed to hear him, no one heeded.
No one treated or helped with her broken leg!
No one was at home at the time.
No one will even suspect that it is your work.
No other popular idol is accorded even that much grace.
No other visitor inquired for her that evening.
No point getting into all these semantics, he said.
No problem, just give us until dawn and we're gone
No pushing in the neighborhood, especially not on my street
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate.
No questions, statements, or explanations are permitted -- only commands.
No resistance movement can operate without their total consent.
No secular democracy can ever succeed without acceptance of pluralism.
No single explanation is adequate to account for this.
No time for any of that crap any more, lady
No way he's going to get nominated west of the Hudson with a new wife
No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning.
No, I don't hate you; I don't even think about you!
No, I have no idea, unless some of the silver-ware is missing
No, I mean was it right away or in the night or when was it
No, I wanted to be a professional hockey player
No, I'm sorry, darling, I told you I won't be home for a few days
No, I'm trying to start a thing where the cough is separate
No, I've got a sweet paying job that I'm about to lose
No, but airline miles are just like a currency these days
No, but it makes the rest easy to take
No, but she's gotta be at least a month late
No, coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child.
No, darling I'd rather you didn't come out.
No, he had been surprised, unpleasantly surprised, but surprised.
No, he made me realize how much I love you
No, he's admitted it, he's admitted it, said Guthrie.
No, last time I said  I love you, Alex
No, no, it's my fault. We didn't have a proper introduction
No, other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder.
No, please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep.
No, thank you and I'm afraid now I really must be going
No, there are just a few things I want to ask you
No, this is as far as we're going to go
No, you were addicted to cocaine, I said.
No, you won't accomplish anything you set out to
No, your son had left when I came yesterday
No. I'm not putting any pressure on myself.
Nobody alive today knows how to do work like that
Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers.
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction.
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category.
Nobody wants to fight me; they're all afraid
Nobody was very surprised by the companies they chose.
Nolan then went to third on DeFeo's sacrifice bunt.
None have been found to be economically viable.
None of the crowd had stepped forward to help.
None of these countries is happy with these arrangements.
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge.
None of these other costumes even come close to ours
None of this is true for the Northerner.
None of this would be happening if you would have left it alone
None of your ideas can be goofy, Stew, if they concern me
Nonetheless, they appeared willing to step up to help.
Nor were there any rules to save him.
Normal check out
Norman looked at her. 'I don't want to go.'
Norton was nearer the summit than any man before him.
Norway's move caused dissent among pro-life EU members.
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done.
Not all of us have bloated Government pensions.
Not allowing us to do so is a violation.
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found.
Not everyone in East Austin shares McCarver's trepidation.
Not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties.
Not exactly the point I was trying to make
Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me.
Not if you're going to lose any sleep about it
Not likely, unless they all go to Stanford.
Not much doubt who that line was aimed at.
Not much to shoot, but there are a few pheasant.
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something
Not often but it does happen, he said.
Not only will Americans believe me, they'll cry for me
Not that I've seen, but that has no meaning that means nothing
Not that any of this is Will and Kate's fault.
Not that she complained, or had any cause to.
Not that you ever had anything very original or challenging to say on the subject
Not the actor, whose name is George, by the way
Not the greatest, but they stick to your belly insides.
Not without the name of the contact who can discount the bonds
Not yet Sir. The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!
Not yet, but I am thinking about it
Note that there are 3 trials of interest.
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men.
Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies.
Nothing like Godot, he arrived before the hour.
Nothing on the menu is appetizing
Nothing was said about hotels or train journeys.
Notice how badly Ireland scores in this chart.
NotifyMe makes sending timed text and email messages easy.
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother.
Now I do not think their view will do.
Now I know it's pretty late and if you'd rather
Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months
Now I'm going to speak to her and I want her to answer
Now I'm sure that he will be here any minute
Now Kevin, what can you tell our readers?
Now Nader is a very nice Arabic name.
Now Teresa continued to live there alone, happily enough.
Now Vivian, for instance, was not too long on sympathy.
Now all I'm asking is that everybody do their part
Now all we have to do is keep our heads
Now all we need is a way to get there
Now don't tell me you were drunk at the time and don't remember!
Now external factors are playing a bigger role, analysts say.
Now he even incorporates some stretches while he's working.
Now he has abandoned all that to be A Writer.
Now he says there's only a handful left.
Now he was going to show how much he knew.
Now his family doesn't understand what he does.
Now how are you gonna get us into that room?
Now if you won't do me a simple favor I don't know what
Now it seemed logical to bring the two together.
Now it turns out you were only interested in the money
Now it's here, what impact will the five-door hatchback make?
Now it's more moody like a scene from THE THIRD MAN
Now let us see where this power comes from.
Now listen boss, if you're going to kick about that expense account
Now listen to me: It's got to look like an accident
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough.
Now remember, your short term memory may have been affected
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name, something special.
Now she was sleeping so soundly I couldn't wake her.
Now stop wasting time
Now tell us something we don't know, like where they stashed her
Now that Lily's there, it's a whole new dynamic
Now that you explain it I see that you're right
Now that your problem is solved, I need you to lend me a hand with my problem
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands.
Now the attempt on the summit could begin.
Now there could be an end to pretending.
Now there is a slightly different criteria, he said.
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper.
Now there won't be any more because she's gonna be dead forever!
Now turn around so I can see your face.
Now we just need a little more sunshine.
Now we lead in several major Internet areas.
Now what could he sell at three in the morning?
Now where, I wonder, would they have gotten that idea?
Now you can get prescription-level antihistamines over the counter
Now you expect me to take all the risks while you take the profit!
Now you just go ahead and tell me I'm wrong
Now you make your call, but not a word about tonight
Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!
Now you're going to do just what I tell you to
Now's the time you're meant to do something, isn't it?
Now, I need the action and I need the money
Now, I remember a lot of stories from back in the days
Now, Joe, you know it was all a mistake, don't you?
Now, as then, it is a matter of jobs.
Now, he just needed a chance to test them.
Now, if you took the ropes off, I'd be able to feed myself
Now, people often think a good mix should rise and fall, but people are wrong
Now, prepare yourselves for an audio journey into the white-hot center of adrenaline
Now, the picture is clouded, and even US Senators.
Now, to this day, I don't know what happened in there
Now, you ladies look good, but your outfits are missing just one thing
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism.
Number 31 won't let me in the delivery room
Number eight
Number eleven
Number fifteen
Number five
Number four
Number fourteen
Number nine
Number one
Number seven
Number six
Number sixteen
Number ten
Number thirteen
Number three
Number twelve
Number two
OK, I am all set to go. I will be back soon
OK, take this medication three times a day after you eat
OR you can pay $5 and just see the band.
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries.
Obviously, McKinsey's consultants were not chosen for their legs!
Odors from the plant aren't bad every day, she said.
Of 1,000 issues traded, 600 advanced and 400 declined.
Of course I know who do you think is paying for it?
Of course I look like hell, you don't look so hot yourself, Jack
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care.
Of course the matter caught the public's attention.
Of course there is a major difference here.
Of course, Mr. Wolf, 48 years old, has some savings.
Of course, a loss to the Crimson Tide is expected.
Of course, it was not meant to be.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now
Of course, it's sad that some people have to leave.
Of course, many more things are charted besides prices.
Of course, the AEC is in a bind now.
Of course, the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching.
Of course, the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts.
Of four dark brown ears, one twitched slightly at this.
Of the three volumes, Blenheim is easily the best.
Of the two, The Life Of Bright is incomparably the better biography.
Of what new course could it mark the beginning?
Off at noon, and she'd never come back.
Off to buy a half interest in a mall in Granada Hills on their behalf
Offenders of this bill will receive a non-moving violation citation.
Official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army.
Official or unofficial intimidation can be a federal crime.
Officials declined to disclose the identity of the pilot.
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one.
Oh I see, but Gloria doesn't seem to be satisfied with the twenty thousand dollars
Oh how I wish I could still grow tall.
Oh yea, it's an election year coming up.
Oh, I don't want to be no bother to nobody
Oh, I'm sorry I just yelled at you
Oh, Smythe, some bicarbonate of soda, quick - double strength
Oh, Tanya, I'm so glad you said that
Oh, and there's the fact that you have no choice
Oh, and we never found out where that pineapple came from
Oh, honey, tell me we haven't progressed to full on hallucinations
Oh, now that's a bedtime story I'd like to wake up to!
Oh, she doesn't look like a tiger, check
Oh, stop talking about yourself like you're a lush or something
Oh, that's what I meant to tell you.
Oh, the irony and the bitterness of it!
Oh, there would be no sense in killing you, Miss Turner
Oh, wait, no, that's just my shirt reflected in yours
Oh, well, maybe that's just 'cause you haven't seen me play
Oh, why are there not more men out there like you?
Oh, yeah, I forgot. You still prefer your cat to the real thing
Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out
Oh, you know, it's in the little fridge in your room
Oh, you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first.
Oh, you've got the money all right, you just don't know you've got it
Oil is the fulcrum on which our future pivots.
Ok, I'll never be big enough to fight him
Okay, Hal, well let's see the way things go from here on
Okay, I finished the Gummi Bear layer of the salad
Okay, I know that you've all dismissed this theory before
Okay, I see there's a misunderstanding of my point here.
Okay, I told you what I wanted about Minnesota Fats
Okay, Lily, we're putting you on salad duty
Okay, but I'm going to spread some common sense
Okay, but as of right now, at 2:45 a.m
Okay, but this time, jump up and I'll swipe your legs
Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen
Okay, here's another one that leaves me shaking my head.
Okay, it helped, but that was really creepy
Okay, look, I just need to see the band
Okay, so I didn't have a written lease as such
Okay, tell you what, I'll give you a head start
Okay, then how about we try out some French cuisine
Okay, well, I better get back out there
Okay, well, I guess now is as good a time as any
Okay, why did I just send my family to Atlanta?
Okay, you're going to need to learn how to lie
Old Bernie didn't miss a trick with this room, did he?
On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
On May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings.
On all sides doors were being slammed in his face.
On an impulse, she turned back and said good morning.
On balance, prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then.
On my way to the elevator, I ran into Pete.
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
On the beach, there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls.
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside.
On the name change, Montgomery says their rational was two-fold.
On the stage, Harry Hawk began to weep.
On the surface, the whole question was purely feudal.
On the way I gave him the scoop.
On the way I'll give you the scoop.
On the way down he started coughing badly.
On the whole, audiences will like this performance.
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver.
On what TV channel can I watch the most popular Korean dramas?
On which channel can I watch BBC or CNN in English?
Once again five candidates were running for mayor.
Once again, our interests have fallen victim to his ridiculous crusade
Once again, we'll be in the big tent, Thompson said.
Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it.
Once they learn to use it, they will never forget.
Once we have the money, then none of this ever happened
Once you actually hear those words out loud I don't want to hear that
Once you pick it up you can't put it down
Once, when I was 16, I was driving and I hit this hitchhiker
One always wakes up, even from one's own dreams.
One answer is growing a diversity of crops.
One by one he tossed the objects aside.
One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint, It Doesn't Affect Us!
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C.
One could hear a very faint, ladylike sigh of relief.
One day the telephone rang at his home.
One day you will learn to respect other people's time, Lydia
One does not have to look for distress.
One experiment showed the greatest one-year difference occurring between the eleventh and twelfth years.
One fin is located every 120-degrees around the inside diameter of the wheel.
One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness
One hundred people were employed at the abattoir.
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation.
One is not more true than the other.
One might think the problem would be similar.
One more trick like this, and I'll be forced to revoke all your liberties!
One need only consume it and the spirit of his ancestors will settle upon him
One night, you're cruising along, enjoying the ride, and then all of a sudden, you're 28
One of eastern Australia's biggest lamb feedlot sheds has opened.
One of the fathers was on the TV saying, My child was not bad
One of the phone calls was from a publishing company.
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame.
One of them looks like South Beach Miami places.
One of those was the family of Roger Murray.
One of us had to do it every morning.
One option is to walk away and maintain your dignity.
One or the other of them was usually in jail
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo.
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce!
One particularly moving dance, "Misery Loves Company," explored suicide.
One person who reacted negatively was Luciano's mother, Rosa.
One possibility is a return to social democratic capitalism.
One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations.
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition.
One thing the new building apparently won't have is washrooms.
One thing they hoped to find was a camera.
One thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
One was an article on the U.N. by Alice Widener from the Cincinnati Enquirer.
One was for two hundred thousand, one dollar and thirteen cents
One way to formalize this is in the job structure.
One white hand poised a stick above his desk.
One who needed no such threats was a French financier.
One young volunteer said she is happy to do it.
One, I was on to you the moment they turned you
One, in particular, spooks people to this day.
Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange.
Only Charles couldn't wait quite as long as the others
Only Cromwell, the giant boatswain, was mild-mannered and respectful.
Only I don't have the damn money for a room
Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment.
Only a few days after moving into the White House.
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem.
Only one worth a shit, and that's Brandon.
Only public understanding and support can provide that service.
Only the assignment of the information cells is important.
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored.
Only then did he decide he didn't want one.
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used.
Open facility information
Open home screen
Open hotel facility information
Open hotel facility information, now
Open hotel information
Open hotel information now
Open hotel information on screen
Open hotel introduction
Open information on hotel facilities
Open room information
Open room service
Open room status
Open status of the room
Open staus of the room
Open the alarm
Open the alarm app
Open the alarm display
Open the alarm function
Open the alarm page
Open the alarm window
Open the concierge app
Open the concierge on the screen
Open the concierge screen
Open the room status
Open the timer
Open the timer and count 10 minutes
Open the timer for me
Open to all levels of experience and age.
Open up room information
Opening up just a little wouldn't tell you, ya know
Operating profit dropped 46% in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment.
Opposite the number 1105 stood one word : Unoccupied.
Opposition to the bill again came from the coast.
Option B would raise all aforementioned charges by 7 percent.
Options for room service
Or I will burn your asses and snort the ashes
Or do I have some time to think about it?
Or do you think, the more the merrier?
Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere?
Or it might provide an answer when I'm washing dishes.
Or it'll get mixed in with the others and become just a coin
Or part of a prolonged and lucrative sustainable catastrophe?
Or that two people entered the election booth simultaneously.
Or that's what it looked like at the time.
Or the bay of female dogs in heat.
Or try the Naked Chip for delicious fish and chips.
Or wind up in trouble like shock jock Howard Stern.
Or you figure oppression stops at that thing dangling between your legs!
Or, more rhythmically, ' The swarthy witches are laughing '?
Or, rather, Commodore Norrington a fine gentleman, don't you think?
Organize a 6 AM wakeup call for me
Organize a wakeup call for tomorrow morning 8:30 sharp
Originally this cake was made with nine knobs on it.
Originally, the main types used were various compositions of polyesters.
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure.
Other Democrats say they want to "improve" it.
Other commanders, and thousands of guerrillas, followed him.
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases.
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds, too.
Other game birds, like bobwhite quail, were even less successful.
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation.
Other retailers formed a group to support Benetton.
Other terms that might be used are unconscionable and unfair.
Other than that, I do not see any problems
Other than that, all I know about is the mail
Other than that, trusting your artistic interpretation, I have only two stipulations
Other than those two courses, everything was amazing.
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept.
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence.
Others look to more objective devices of order.
Others might buy investments, such as homes and other properties.
Others outside India also were attentive to this.
Otherwise, UN will march blindly on to certain defeat.
Otherwise, straighten your halo, square your wings, and dig in.
Otherwise, there's little indication of the material's origin.
Otherwise, you will want to buy everything that you see
Our biggest problem today is the shortage of jobs.
Our building suppression systems were down, the elevators.
Our company has more choices than you have described.
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other.
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us.
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame, which is for a junction.
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics.
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix.
Our pitching is much better than it has shown.
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument.
Our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled.
Our sheriff's office looks like 'Sesame Street' on TV.
Our sport's lucky to have such a great role model.
Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows --
Our system is balanced, it's right in the middle.
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries.
Our vast resources are yet to be harnessed.
Out of this re-created literalness, the Cubist subject reemerged.
Out on my back when I was a small boy
Out went letters to 60,000 old grads, asking for suggestions.
Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein's position is indeed precarious.
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day.
Over the years, it has become much more.
Overall efficiency wasn't nearly as good as it could be.
Ozone can worsen asthma and cause lung damage.
PCs enable a step-by-step approach using standardized software.
PG&E last year reported a $1.1 billion profit.
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs.
Pack the money up and put it in the trunk
Packing the new trays means a lot more work.
Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along.
Paramedics treated the victims at the scene, the sergeant said.
Pardon me, I've had a few things on my mind, like putting this safari together
Pardon me, madam - but what am I to say to the newspapermen?
Pare a lemon very thin and grate a nutmeg.
Parenthood, they find, is just another sort of circus.
Parents have to find other ways of comforting him.
Parker certainly had much more of an influence.
Part of his opinion appears to be fueled by misinformation.
Participants will build and take home a rain barrel.
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.
Pat had contacts all over the labor movement.
Pat paused there, looking across at the young fellow.
Patiently, he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives.
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
Patricia holds the family together with her strong faith.
Pauline had two sons by marriage, Steve and Terry.
Pause land is a magical place with popcorn shrimp mounds and butter sauce rivers
Pause the time
Pause the timer
Pause the timer now
Pay more than the minimum payment whenever you can.
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume.
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31.
People 10 tables away would know the moves
People are giving their doctors a hard time.
People crowded the banks to see the teams race.
People get less than that for killing their children.
People give a lot of money to the charity.
People have the right to say what they please.
People kept asking me, 'Where can I get this?'
People need to do their due diligence, he said.
People were screaming and crying out for help.
People who make the kind of money my brother makes don't carry money on them
Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines.
Perhaps communication could be better there as far as that.
Perhaps if you'd like something lighter, something with a touch of romance
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream.
Perhaps next time I can speak better Japanese.
Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me, long ago.
Perhaps one day I may say the same for us
Perhaps policemen will have to be guards and private detectives.
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him.
Perhaps some day we can make it so.
Perhaps that was the first thing to do.
Perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended.
Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all.
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital.
Perhaps we should start calling him a born-again protectionist.
Perhaps you can help us find out, Mademoiselle?'
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him.
Perhaps you saw the new Indiana Jones movie.
Perhaps you would like to become a writer.
Perhaps you'll be so kind as to remind me of her name
Perhaps, you'll earn them back through good behavior
Personal computer use, high-speed networks, and online communication are widespread.
Personally I think the proposed budget is too high.
Pete frowned slightly, then became sad and moody.
Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment.
Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door.
Phil sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head.
Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short.
Phil took off one shoe and stared at it.
Physicians ask, 'Why should I increase my liability?'
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone.
Pick one of your cousins, it would demonstrate a profound stability
Pick the first one
Pinch off balls or gently roll and cut into circles.
Pinker praised the Gomez study as creative and thorough.
Pinochle is played on Monday and Friday afternoons.
Pipe the cream and decorate with strawberries and flags.
Place a request for a tea kettle
Place a request for a wake up call
Place a request for a wake up call at 8AM, daily
Place a request for amenities
Place a request for bathrobes
Place a request for bathroom amenities
Place a request for check out
Place a request for humidifiers
Place a request for mending kit, now
Place a request for post-its
Place a request for some dental floss
Place a request to cancel the wake up call
Place an amenities request
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly.
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off.
Place request for conditioner
Place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan.
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out.
Plaque here and there and in a coupla years no one remembers me anymore
Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues.
Please call if you have any information on David Ravell
Please call the ambulance
Please cancel the order I've placed
Please cancel the wake up call
Please check for holding fees for baggage after checkout 
Please check the hours for the game room
Please check the time for hotel check in
Please choose number one
Please choose the first one
Please close out of the hotel facility information for now
Please close out of the screen with all the hotel information
Please close out of the screen with hotel facility information
Please close the main menu for the time being
Please close the screen with the hotel introduction now
Please dim all the lights near the bed
Please dim the lights near the bed
Please direct the main menu to another page
Please don't put that kind of pressure on me
Please drop the temperature of the room by 6 degrees
Please drop the temperature of this place by 8 degrees
Please end alarm
Please excuse me a moment, Jeffrey, and I'll get to the dishes
Please exit completely the screen with the hotel information
Please exit out of room information screen
Please exit the alarm
Please exit the alarm app
Please exit the alarm screen
Please exit the alarm window
Please give me a ring at 5AM tomorrow
Please give me a wake up call at 8AM
Please give me information on hotel facilities
Please have someone empty the trash
Please have the front desk give me a morning call at 8AM
Please help me connect to the wifi 
Please help me increase the room temperature by 20 degrees
Please help me with the check out
Please help me with the late check out 
Please hold onto your wallets as you enter.
Please keep the room cold during the night
Please launch all hotel facilities information
Please launch main display
Please launch main menu, now
Please launch room information
Please make hotel details available to me
Please make sure the temperature stays above 58 degrees Fahrenheit
Please make the AC stronger
Please make the temperature drop by 9 degrees
Please navigate me to the home menu
Please open information on hotel facilities
Please open information on hotel facilities, now
Please place an order for more conditioner
Please provide me with more Information about the check-in process
Please provide me with some conditioner
Please quit the screen now
Please request a late check out
Please schedule a daily morning call for 8am this week
Please select number one
Please select the first one
Please select the option on the bottom of the list
Please send highball glasses to the room
Please send highball glasses up to my room
Please send me some Kleenex
Please send over a mending kit
Please send over a new towel
Please send over dental floss
Please send some bathrobes
Please set the morning call for 6PM on Friday
Please set the thermostat to room temperature
Please set up a wake up call for today at 8PM
Please set up a wake up call tomorrow
Please show hotel facilities
Please show hotel facility information
Please show hotel information
Please show me all hotel facilities
Please show me hotel facilities
Please show me how to connect to the wifi 
Please show me the wifi password. I need to connect to it immediately
Please shut off all the central lights, immediately
Please stop showing me the status of this room
Please stop the timer
Please switch on the master lights
Please take a deep breath, hold your breath, and exhale
Please tell me information on hotel facilities
Please tell me more information on hotel facilities
Please tell me the number to the front desk
Please tell me the rate to reserve a conference room for this afternoon
Please tell me the status of the bathroom lights
Please turn down the thermostat to the lowest possible setting
Please turn off all the heating in the room, it's getting too warm
Please turn off all the lamps in the room
Please turn off the AC, immediately
Please, I just need to get in there for one more song
Please, could I please come in and talk to you for a minute?
Please, would I be this panicked if it was that simple?
Please, you're not buying into any of this nonsense, are you?
Plus, I think I was just dating you 'cause you look a little bit like Kurt Cobain
Plus, it's really great to see all these guys again
Poet came up from below, wearing new bathing trunks.
Politics also influences the government's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction.
Politics is not the only way to serve people.
Polls are also being held to choose provincial assemblies.
Poor little kid has looked forward for two months to having her Daddy home
Pop stars like Eddie Cochran sang songs about them.
Pope Francis was returning from a three-day visit to Turkey.
Popping upright, the marine waved both hands and shouted.
Positive attitude, dedication and picking others up when they're down.
Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious.
Power comes not from knowledge kept, but from knowledge shared.
Powerful, clattering with hard consonants and short vowels.
Practice helps you to get your timing down.
Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down.
Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers.
Prepare a 7 AM wakeup call
Prepare a wakeup call for 7 AM
Prepare an alarm for me for Tuesday 11 AM
Present estimates are that production topped the 100-million-lb.
Presently, she picked up the first of the letters.
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions.
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold.
Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place.
Previously, FN actions were used for the larger cartridges.
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year.
Prices are keen and the seven-year warranty speaks for itself.
Prices are naturally set by supply and demand.
Primal peoples were fixated on sunrises and sunsets.
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place.
Private payments are accepted if insurance coverage is not provided.
Probably around midnight, give or take an hour either way.
Probably because of the ease of communicating via e-mail.
Probably hanging out with Mike, this guy I've been seeing
Probably off one of the carriers -- an aviator.
Probably within two to three years were cutting trees.
Probably, as in Scriptures, a still, small voice would whisper.
Problem of being a journalist too long is you stop giving yourself permission to invent
Proceed with check out
Proceeds from the concert will directly fund their outreach program.
Proceeds from the concert will go towards the piano.
Proceeds will benefit the Maple Spring Family Life Center.
Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed.
Production must be adjusted accordingly, at minimum cost and quickly.
ProjectTimer has many features not found in other applications.
Projects range from wildlife habitats to compost systems in playgrounds.
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present
Proposals were in the air for a year's armistice.
Provide a name card for each new member.
Provide check-in details
Provide check-in details for the hotel
Provide check-in information
Provide check-in time
Provide check-out details
Provide check-out details for the hotel
Provide check-out information
Provide check-out time
Provide me with a wake up call
Provide me with a wake up call 
Provide me with a wake up call on Monday at 5AM
Provide me with check-in details
Provide me with check-in information
Provide me with check-in time
Provide me with check-out details
Provide me with check-out information
Provide me with check-out time
Provide me with information on this room
Provide room information
Psychologically the reception should be the climax, following the sermon.
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion.
Public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing.
Publicly, they are unwilling to make any sweeping assertion.
Pull up information for hotel check-in
Pull up the alarm
Pull up the alarm display
Pull up the alarm menu
Pull up the alarm screen
Pull up the alarm window
Pull up the weather for today
Pull up today's weather
Push-ups are essential, but few have the strength for them at first.
Put an end to the wake up call
Put away the alarm app
Put away the alarm screen
Put away the amenities list
Put away timer app
Put in a request for a mending kit
Put in a request for a pull-out bed
Put in a request for a tea kettle
Put in a request for amenities
Put in a request for an alarm clock
Put in a request for bath amenities
Put in a request for check out
Put in a request for concierge services
Put in a request for conditioner
Put in a request for hotel wake up service
Put in a request for one face towel
Put in a request for plates
Put in a request for room amenities
Put in a request for room cleaning
Put in a request for shoe shine service
Put in a request for some post-its
Put in a request to cancel the wake up call
Put the concierge screen away
Put the help page up
Put the help screen up
Put wings on the turkey and put legs on it.
Putting on all the girly music we can.
Putting together pieces of wood is not going to be difficult
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers.
Quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions.
Quit amenities screen
Quit facility information
Quit facility information of the hotel
Quit hotel introduction
Quit information about hotel facilities
Quit information about hotel facilities, now
Quit it
Quit now
Quit now facility information
Quit room information screen
Quit room service screen
Quit screen on hotel facilities
Quit screen on hotel facilities, now
Quit screen on hotel facility, now
Quit screen with room information
Quit the concierge app
Quit the help page
Quit the hotel information screen
Quit the screen on in-room service
Quit the screen on room service
RIC boasts the largest baccalaureate nursing program in the state.
Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace.
Rachel followed, looked at me, and clucked with her tongue.
Rachel had seen me watching the young man.
Raffle winners need not be present to win.
Rally officials weren't available to comment late yesterday.
Randall's fish is the 11th state-record fish this year.
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet.
Rather than head home, the team traveled directly to.
Ray, if you please -- the ' Cradle Song '.
Read more of Slate's coverage of the Democratic primary debate.
Read the full piece at the Times of India.
Reagan was being held without bail in Charleston County jail.
Real bright along those lines, you might say.
Real life is messier than that, and we're different people than we were in 2007
Real suede wouldn't have gone up so fast
Realizing how much a product I am of my upbringing
Really know what you're going to do before you do it
Reassure your child that he or she is loved.
Rebecca, we shattered a man's life in open court
Recall Madison signs are currently splashed all over Story Road.
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper.
Records are meant to be broken, Kelly said.
Red China is trying to do this, and she is not likely ever to succeed.
Reduce the liquid over medium-high heat until slightly thickened.
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling.
Reef thinks they can clear the Shark bow so we can pull ourself loose!
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
Reggie, I think I've found,  are you on?
Register a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Register a wake up call for 5AM this Thursday
Registering, however, does give a company certain advantages.
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars.
Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation.
Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting.
Remember back when you had never even seen me pee? Yeah
Remember to get out there and cast your vote.
Remember what you used to say in the Army?
Remember, the SEC yield is stated in nominal yield.
Remember, when in doubt: Don't ever do what you really want to do
Remember, when the little hand is straight up that's negative.
Remind me again, what's the wifi password?
Remind me if I have a wakeup call
Remind me if there is a wakeup call for my room
Remove from heat and stir in fresh herbs.
Remove my wakeup call
Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior.
Remove the wakeup call
Rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe.
Rentals will be on a first-come, first-served basis.
Replays will be available for one month following each presentation.
Representaive Hastings writes about the jobs Keystone will create.
Republican officials have been in Israel to plan it.
Republican registration reality should make McNerney's re-election difficult.
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia.
Republicans vowed to block the time-limit move with a filibuster.
Reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
Request 4 mending kits from house keeping
Request a change in time for the wake up call
Request a daily morning call for 6AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM 
Request a late check out
Request a morning call at 8AM
Request a record of my payment during checkout
Request a wake up call
Request bath amenities
Request check out
Request conditioner
Request conditioner, immediately
Request conditioner, now
Request for a normal check out right now
Request for humidifiers
Request for normal check out
Request front desk for a mending kit
Request front desk for a wake up call
Request front desk for amenities
Request more conditioner
Request now for more conditioner
Request service from the concierge
Request several shot glasses
Request tea kettle
Request the front desk to cancel the wake up call
Request the front desk to register me a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
Request the hotel wake up service
Request to have more alarm clocks in the room
Request to receive a morning call at 5AM everday
Request to see all scheduled wake up calls
Requesting bathrobes
Requesting checkout
Requesting concierge service
Requesting for dry cleaning services
Requesting room cleaning services
Requesting shoe shine service
Requests must be mailed in by December 5.
Required, but uninspiring life tasks bleed away creative energy.
Researchers are developing non-surgical ways to control breeding without surgery.
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions.
Resiliency, though, needs to be measured and metered.
Respond to support samples of opportunity to be processed locally.
Resting on his ski sticks, he looked at her.
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning.
Revenue rose 12% to $1.37 billion from $1.22 billion.
Revenue rose 14% to $4.03 billion from $3.54 billion.
Revenue rose 15% to $2.17 billion from $1.89 billion.
Revenue rose 3.5% to $8.47 billion from $8.18 billion.
Reverend Jason got one, the Canadians the others.
Revisit that early room, which felt so huge.
Rhymers looked like they would head into half time ahead.
Richard's next interest seemed the product of his insularity.
Riches don't make a man rich, they only make him busier
Right here where your house is, you'd have been scalped
Right now I don't feel like talking much
Right now it is favorable, approximately 6.5% versus 10%.
Right now, we want to know everything that you saw
Right to work laws have been proven ineffective.
Right, Agent Cole told me he'd call and let you know to expect me
Ring an alarm at 8:30 PM
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him.
Roads and institutions are being named after him.
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs.
Robert, I hope you don't mind my asking, but I feel like I should
Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door.
Robin was into me when we first met
Robin, I don't get the sense you like being with me
Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing, precipice-walled gorge.
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions.
Rookie investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed.
Room air conditioner needs to be off
Room air conditioner needs to be on
Room cleaning service required
Room heating needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be highered to 30 degrees Celsius
Room heating needs to be increased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be off
Room heating needs to be on
Room heating needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room heating should increase by one degree
Room is too hot, turn off the heating
Room service screen can be closed now
Room temp should decrease by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be higher
Room temperature needs to be increased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be lower
Room temperature needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Room temperature needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to go down
Room temperature needs to go up
Room temperature should increase by two degrees
Rooms seemed to change upon his entering them.
Rosa, I can't believe you're doing all this for me, thank you
Rose, a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential, was worth $400.
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin.
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up.
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back.
Run a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Run the timer
Run the timer for 30 minutes
Run the timer for me
Running up or downhill has risks associated with it.
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside.
Ryan told him what he could do then.
Sadly, it is happening across Ohio and the country.
Said you wore yourself out, cleaning all these empty rooms.
Sailors' jobs are highly varied aboard USS Forrest Sherman.
Salads are served at least once a day.
Sales dropped drastically and watch brands sought other alternatives.
Sales had risen by 30 percent on the previous year.
Sales increased 10% to $26.54 billion from $24.05 billion.
Sales of General Motors' cars fell by 70 per cent.
Sales of Prozac, an anti-depressant, led drug-sales increases.
Sales rose 25% to $3.90 billion from $3.13 billion.
Sales rose 4.8% to $1.20 billion from $1.14 billion.
Sales rose 50% to $2.1 billion from $1.4 billion.
Sales rose 6.2% to $1.45 billion from $1.37 billion.
Sales rose 6.7% to $4.27 billion from $4 billion.
Sales rose 8% to $1.15 billion from $1.06 billion.
Sales rose 9% to $2.57 billion from $2.36 billion.
Sales rose 9% to $7.54 billion from $6.95 billion.
Sales were $4.2 billion compared with $3.7 billion.
Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
Sam, I thought you knew everything about Tokyo.
Same bunch of people you guys already have under surveillance
Samples : He walked in upon her invitation.
Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer.
Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door.
Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat.
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader.
Saturday was the busiest day of the week in London.
Saturn is very bright, so it is easy to find.
Saudi Arabia's efforts have been applauded by all and sundry.
Say I'm right and this could all be over
Say something bad about butter sauce, I dare you
Say, I'm not going to hang around and be a speakeasy rat all my life!
Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther?
Say, you could do anything with me you wanted to
Says he likes you even more than he likes his own mother
Schedule a daily morning for 8:30AM
Schedule a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Schedule a wake up call
Schedule a wake up call for Tuesday 10AM
Schedule me a daily wake up call for 9PM
School-wise, they helped me out with anything I needed.
Scientists long have wondered whether life ever existed on Mars.
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too.
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined.
Score plain side of C and leave in mold.
Search for all hotel amenities
Search for check-in time for the hotel
Search for the time for hotel check-in
Search for the wifi password of the room
Search for upcoming wake up calls
Second one
Second, it's got to have just a little give, here
See You May Claim A Refund, Page 135.
See amenities at this hotel
See hotel amenities
See hotel check-out time
See if you can figure out why I`m saying that.
See if you can get back to the Town Hall before they get there, okay?
See if you have the information to answer these questions:
See information for hotel check-in
See news release and full report for more info.
See page 24 for a complete report on it.
See the drawings for the shape of the notch.
See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds.
See time for hotel check-out
See upcoming wake up calls
See what works and where you need to make changes.
See you in the morning. you know, you ought to get some rest
See, if we took the hood off, we'd have to shoot you
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position.
Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days
Seems like you told me about a promise you made
Seen by the public, the musician is the underdog par excellence.
Select number one
Select the 'keyboard', and then the remove option.
Select the eight one
Select the eleventh one
Select the fifteenth one
Select the fifth one
Select the first one
Select the fourteenth one
Select the fourth one
Select the ninth one
Select the second one
Select the second option available on the screen
Select the seventh one
Select the sixteenth one
Select the sixth one
Select the tenth one
Select the third one
Select the thirteenth one
Select the twelfth one
Selena is a big success in many countries.
Self-promotion is the best way to do it, he said.
Send conditioner to my room, now
Send for more amenities
Send it to me through the post office like we arranged
Send them through Facebook, Twitter, or email Alex.
Send up more amenities
Senior Kayla Lambert was 1 and also had an RBI.
Senior year has been his favorite of the 12 grades.
Senor Colon, an experienced captain such as yourself will understand our concern with the crew
Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process.
Seriously, though, it should not be their choice.
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish.
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks.
Serves you right for telling your age! she shouts.
Sesame sticks, a snack dip, originated in the Southwest.
Sessions are divided into different groups of 45 minutes daily.
Set a daily morning call at 7AM
Set a timer
Set a timer for 1 hour
Set a timer for me
Set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM
Set air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set an alarm for 8 AM
Set an alarm for 8 AM tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for 8 o'clock in the morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 AM Monday morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for Monday 8 o'clock
Set aside the cut outs for another use.
Set room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioner to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioner to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater in the room to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the heater to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heating temperature higher
Set the heating temperature lower
Set the room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature higher
Set the room temperature lower
Set the room temperature to 23 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be one degree lower than now
Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters, nice and fine
Set up a 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a 10 PM alarm for today
Set up a 4 AM wakeup call
Set up a 8 AM alarm for tomorrow
Set up a Monday 10 AM alarm
Set up a Monday 10 AM alert
Set up a Monday 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a daily morning call for 6
Set up a morning call for 7am on Tuesday
Set up a timer
Set up a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Set up a timer for me
Set up a wake up call at 8AM
Set up a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM tomorrow
Set up wakeup alarm for tomorrow morning
Set wake up call for Monday 9AM
Set wakeup call for tomorrow morning at 9 AM
Seventh one
Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice
Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers.
Shadow looked surprised, wailed, and trotted after her.
Shall we allow her not to have a bath?
Shallow Inlet has salmon to 1kg being caught on lures.
Shame that it's not them doing the morphing.
Shannon is based out of Charleston, South Carolina.
Share service information
Share the romance you enjoyed when you were first together.
Shares in Australian Mining Investment are in a trading halt.
Sharp division of opinion, too, and strenuous debate.
She abused the office and betrayed the public's trust.
She also believed that cosmetics were very important.
She also had 11 extra-base hits, including five home runs.
She also heads the fellowship in family planning.
She also owned the studios where they made her show.
She also participates in a fistful of other musical ensembles.
She also ran their MahJong Club for them.
She always became too involved in the stories.
She always used to tell me it had to be her way
She asked him, seeing Juanita's eyes grow bleak.
She asked hopefully, as she recognized the Scout Service uniform.
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye.
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me.
She came back the other day to reassure me.
She can't even get along with the fawning press.
She can't even think she can get out of this house
She can't get the job she's trained for and it pisses her off
She can't say it's not meant to be
She cites historical cases that still speak to us.
She clearly agreed that this had been the case.
She collapsed against me, as if everything inside her snapped.
She continued to say that Challenger joined them.
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.
She could do no wrong at the tables that time.
She could of won if I didn't pull her out of the contest
She could persuade people to help her cause.
She decided that she needed a manager to help her.
She declined to say what services were performed.
She didn't even give me a chance to refuse.
She didn't just have great songs and a great voice.
She didn't tell anyone, even her mother, what was wrong.
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done.
She ditched the relaxer, went natural and never looked back.
She dropped her head on her arms on the counter.
She emailed me yesterday this is where we should meet her
She explains, "If you're not determined it will never work."
She felt angrily for words to explain the uselessness of attendants
She found a college that would meet her needs.
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons.
She gave Jim a quick, shape-up look of warning.
She gave herself a title, Lady Diana Harrington.
She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard.
She got called up last minute to anchor the 11 o'clock news
She got so drunk I had to take her home.
She got to her feet, staggered, and almost fell.
She graduated from Dixie in Humanities with an Associate's Degree.
She had 15 points and 27 boards, offensive and defensive.
She had a little too much to drink, that's all
She had been in Japan just one week.
She had been one of the first to collect her wits.
She had been sent to the wrong place for duty.
She had been studying for three hours before they started the test
She had caught the implication of the oath.
She had cried a little because she was frightened.
She had had to fight for everything in her life.
She had hated the whole idea before they started.
She had it all planned out, how she'd do.
She had never been here at this hour.
She had raised a calf, grown it beef-fat.
She had real conversations with the people that she interviewed.
She had seen it elude her twice before.
She had to do it for her children.
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree.
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor.
She had visible cuts, marks and broken dentures.
She had, she said, heard that the plant was closing.
She has a boyfriend, too - David Cruz.
She has her life back, and it shows.
She has no idea that Ted thinks she's a hooker
She has really opened a new field in sociology.
She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
She has traveled four hours by boat to get here.
She has two children and two school-aged grandchildren.
She has work and she is a success.
She hopes to be a physician's assistant specializing in cardiology.
She indicated a spot a little distance away.
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot.
She is also remembered by other Japanese businesswomen.
She is also survived by one grandchild and one great-grandchild.
She is frivolous and scatterbrained, but she really isn't shallow.
She is here with her husband, Tom Bruno.
She is strong and doesn't wallow in self-pity.
She isn't the only one searching for answers.
She just doesn't understand how I would know somebody like you
She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion.
She knows no one you know and you will never see her again
She leans on her mom, a mom she never knew.
She led me into a twisting side alley.
She left at six AM yesterday with her husband
She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette.
She loved animals and enjoyed hiking and fishing.
She made a face at him and then she laughed.
She might have been someone he had once loved.
She might like to take him to St. Peter's.
She might now have taken it away again.
She must have seen the ring on my left hand.
She never gave any indication where she might go, before she left?
She never hid the fact that she liked to play.
She never said a word about the fifty dollars.
She only scored sixty-one on a quiz
She opened her home and cabin to many kids.
She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed!
She picked up a bouquet proving she had corporeal form
She plans to coach another AAU team this spring.
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air.
She ran from a little group of us.
She remembered kissing on the couch and kissing standing up.
She reminds me a little bit of you ..
She resolved to stop coming to see him.
She said a more aggressive move wasn't needed.
She said he used to be over at Loma Vista
She said it's the worst year she's ever seen.
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward.
She said she would be a good commander-in-chief.
She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake
She said she'd like to see the knights of the poorly-constructed round table
She said to herself, abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds.
She said what she meant and let it be.
She sat down at the table, shaking her head.
She sat quietly, staring at me from the wide eyes.
She says dingoes are naturals for the outdoor job,
She says stories like that keep her going.
She seemed overly tall, her brow knitted in concern.
She seems like she might be into me
She showed us what had happened to her.
She sidled along the booths one step at a time.
She signed a lease on the new location in June.
She sings in English, too, but the music is Latin.
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away.
She sought Kate out upstairs, her lips trembling.
She spoke about who the group members were.
She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom.
She started looking around for something to keep her busy.
She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me
She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
She then forgot to pick up the phone.
She thought as warm, drizzling rain touched her face.
She tilted up and drank, and then I drank.
She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house!
She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors
She treasured the moments spent with her family and friends.
She turned and began to walk toward the house.
She turned and put her arms around his neck.
She turned on her side, finding the idea oppressive.
She understands policy development and community-wide implications for enrichment.
She understood sex anyway, and played at it well.
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission.
She used this control to surprise everybody again.
She used to view weights as something for men.
She waits till she's dead to tell us all this
She wanted me to wait down here until you got home
She wanted to hang around while I was eating.
She was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive.
She was always interested in what people said.
She was breathing quietly as if in a heavy sleep
She was glad the fat man had left.
She was going up and he was going down.
She was his goal, she was his reason.
She was holding on to his rock with one hand.
She was in the middle of a heated argument with her dad
She was just not able to break the spell.
She was just trying to get information out of me
She was like charcoal, he thought -- dark, opaque, explosive.
She was listening to other voices, out of the future.
She was making fourteen sweaters a day, almost single-handed.
She was no schoolgirl, refusing to bear tales.
She was not asleep but she was trying to sleep
She was now enjoying the voyage very much.
She was number one a couple of months ago.
She was only seven points behind the last qualifier.
She was only ten months older than he.
She was part of the Flower Children movement.
She was rested and could mount a charge.
She was retired from the State of Arkansas.
She was selected for the Twin State All-Star Senior Game.
She was sitting across from a couple of bridesmaids
She was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
She was taught to love the life of others, but not her own
She was the daughter of the local gang boss.
She was the last living of the older generation.
She was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
She was, however, a loving wife, mother and grandmother.
She wasn't going to wait to find out.
She went in to get evidence, and she came out with it
She went into the park and got turned around and didn't know her way out
She will never find her way back and there she is
She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat.
She wished to change much for the children here.
She won the event with a time of 14.87 seconds.
She wondered, with a baffled feeling of helplessness.
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt.
She would be among the elite of her kind.
She would if she heard my voice on the phone
She would've had to have a key, anyway, to lock the deadbolt behind her
She wouldn't be the first one in that cast with problems
She wouldn't have, even if he'd asked her.
She'd have gotten him, if I hadn't stopped her.
She'll be living with Cary and I in Beverly Hills
She'll be waiting for you there along with your split
She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
She'll relish the sight of a friendly face.
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings.
She's a year older than I am, Lucy told herself.
She's all I think about, and I've learned to live with that
She's always been there for me, he said.
She's been doing it all week, she can do it now!
She's gonna end up on a milk carton and that's about it
She's gonna teach me how to do a rain dance
She's got the same complaint as half the Goddamn population
She's hot happy, but I just don't think she's that mean
She's into sports, but not so much so that her legs are, like, more muscular than mine
She's not allowed to date until her older sister does
She's not going to get away with it.
She's not sure of what to do next.
She's terrific, but I have to break up with her
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
Sheep deaths rose from six in 1,000 to eight.
Shore, H.M. Chadwick, Thomas Hodgkin and F. G. Beck.
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate.
Shortly after, Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas.
Should I communicate my arrival time with the front desk?
Should I give them my keys during checkout?
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored?
Should he go on, or wait, he wondered.
Should she disagree, she explains why in detail.
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us?
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education?
Show check-in details
Show check-in details for the hotel
Show check-in for hotel reservation
Show check-in information for the hotel
Show check-in time
Show check-in time for my hotel reservation
Show check-in time for the hotel
Show check-out details
Show check-out details for the hotel
Show check-out for hotel reservation
Show check-out information for the hotel
Show check-out time
Show check-out time for the hotel
Show details about the hotels
Show details for check-in
Show details for check-out
Show details for hotel check-in
Show facility information
Show front desk number
Show hotel check-in details
Show hotel check-in information
Show hotel check-in time
Show hotel check-out details
Show hotel check-out information
Show hotel check-out time
Show hotel details on check-in
Show hotel details on check-out
Show hotel facilities
Show hotel facility information
Show hotel information on check-in
Show hotel information on check-out
Show hotel introduction
Show information for hotel check-in
Show list of all hotel amenities
Show me a list of all amenities
Show me a list of the performances going on tomorrow at the LG Arts Center?
Show me about check-in
Show me about check-out
Show me all hotel facilities
Show me all hotel services
Show me amenities
Show me check-in details
Show me check-in details for the hotel
Show me check-in information
Show me check-in time
Show me check-out details
Show me check-out details for the hotel
Show me check-out information
Show me check-out time
Show me curtain status
Show me details about the hotel
Show me details on check-in
Show me details on check-out
Show me details on the hotel check-out
Show me facility information
Show me front number
Show me home display
Show me home screen
Show me hotel details for check-in
Show me hotel details for check-out
Show me hotel facilities
Show me hotel facility information
Show me how much time is left
Show me how to exit out of the main menu
Show me how to lower the temperature of the room by 3 degrees
Show me information about the hotel
Show me information on check-in
Show me information on check-out
Show me main display
Show me options for room service
Show me room information
Show me some information about the room
Show me status of the room darkening curtain, now
Show me the air conditioning status
Show me the alarm
Show me the alarm app
Show me the alarm display
Show me the alarm function
Show me the alarm menu
Show me the alarm window
Show me the check-in time
Show me the check-out time
Show me the concierge
Show me the concierge on screen
Show me the concierge screen
Show me the current room temperature
Show me the help page
Show me the help screen
Show me the help window
Show me the hotel's amenities
Show me the number of the front desk
Show me the room temperature
Show me the sheer curtain status
Show me the status of the room heating
Show me the status on air conditioner
Show me the timer screen
Show me the weather for this area
Show me the weather for today
Show me the wifi network I can use
Show me the wifi password for the room
Show me this hotel's facilities
Show me time for hotel check-in
Show me today's weather
Show me tomorrow morning's weather
Show me weather at 8PM
Show me what options are available for room service
Show me what time check-in is
Show me what time check-out is
Show me what time the hotel check-in is
Show me what time the hotel check-out is
Show me wifi password
Show more about hotel facilities
Show more information on this hotel
Show options for room service
Show room information
Show room status
Show status of current temperature of room
Show status of room's air conditioner
Show status of the room
Show the alarm display
Show the alarm menu
Show the alarm page
Show the check-in information
Show the check-in time
Show the check-out information
Show the check-out time
Show the temperature of the room
Show time for hotel check-in
Show time for hotel check-out
Show time to check-out
Show what options are available for room service
Show what time check-in is
Show what time check-out is
Show when to check-in
Show wifi
Show wifi password
Show wifi password for the room
Shrugs met that, from room clerks, from bellhops.
Shut down alarm
Shut down the alarm
Shut down the alarm app
Shut down the alarm screen
Shut down the alarm window
Shut off alarm
Shut off the alarm
Shut off the alarm display
Shut off the alarm screen
Shut off the help page
Shut off the screen with the hotel introduction, immediately
Shut off the screen with the hotel introduction, immediately.
Shut off the timer
Shutdown timer app
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia.
Similar renewed interest has been shown by sheep breeders.
Similar species gave Gordon McGee second place with 9lbs 12ozs.
Simply denying the problem, however, didn't persuade Supervisor Brian Ross.
Simply enough, through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law.
Simply get out when they slide the van open and walk to me
Since January, they have performed at a dozen Arkansas churches.
Since Tuesday, the shares have gained nearly 4%.
Since the course, one member has lost her husband.
Since then, she has not attended court proceedings.
Since then, the couple has been planning a summer wedding.
Since there are two of them, we're going to set two plans in motion
Singapore is already extending its developmental expertise to Bangladesh.
Sir I ain't at liberty to give out no information about our residents
Sit completely still with both hands on the wheel, until they get here
Site work is slated to begin later this year.
Sites that involve citizens are getting excellent traffic flow.
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.
Six months, maybe five, do you wanna check that?
Six of these were proposed by religious groups.
Sixteen of its rooms are shaped as trapezoids.
Sixteenth one
Sixth one
Sizes needed are 4T through 14, new or used.
Skaters would fall, fly-off, or hang on for dear life.
Sloan had no children and no interests outside work.
Sloan knew he had to make some tough decisions.
Sloan thought that fact-finding trips were very important.
Slow it down, slow it down, whatever it is, we'll figure it out
Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks!
Slowly she turned to face the men again.
Slowly, cutting steps in the snow, they climbed on.
Small rooms, probably for cards, opened off on either side.
Small town on the Eastern side no one's ever heard of called Bari
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly.
Smart people have a long term projects plan.
Smoking, high blood pressure, and high level of cholesterol in the blood
Snakes are beneficial as they feed on rodents.
So I have to have a motive to be with you?
So I rushed out to make the train, which is now 45 minutes late
So I spent my nights reading, painting, setting the high score on Super Bomberman
So I started making some calls of my own.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with
So I thought we could borrow this altar for a minute
So I'm just going to wait for her to come to me
So I'm not sure if this part is actually true
So Linda Kay gave up asking, and accepted her reprieve.
So Steve picked LeeRoy Brown to keep him company.
So a judge is making me do this, but I'm still doing it
So all this space is good, we convinced ourselves.
So am I.  Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back
So arm yourself, follow the law as written.
So despite everything all has now been resolved, right?
So don't take it personally, she's just a little stressed
So don't tell her I told you, but she's very vulnerable right now
So far, no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision.
So far, our seasonal precipitation has been 50-75% of normal.
So far, the dating has not matched the Bible story.
So he must hate him the most of all now
So how can companies succeed in this kind of game?
So how did the Jaguars respond to the loss?
So how do we know that car's still in Fair Oaks?
So if I ran now, there's no way I'd beat you, is there?
So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?
So if you wanna swing by, you know, it's casual
So is everyone who is born of the Spirit.
So it's not a question of getting it right.
So it's rating of 2 on 5 for Ra.
So let's be clear on a couple of things first.
So many of them, I still can't believe they're real
So many people worried over these little guys.
So many young girls got defiled in this room.
So much pressure lately, you feel like going for a drink?
So now they're in our GIS like that.
So please let him think as he does, that you're home just to see him
So something like this matters more than it would at home.
So tell her to settle for the old one in Orange County
So the thing that always screws it up is the next day
So there is no real argument about targets.
So there we were talking around and about it.
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor.
So tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand, that clear pal?
So usually, by the end, I'm saying 'I hate clay!'
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity.
So we talked about it and we decided to take this one slow
So we were going to wait till she went to Europe
So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas?
So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her
So what's the story with the two cheerleaders over here?
So what's this big, beautiful, romantic gesture?
So why are they watching a man who knows nothing?
So why not apply that mindset to the outdoors?
So with your best interests in mind, I implore you.
So would she mind speaking a little louder?
So you got to admit, The 88 are rocking our song
So you just go ahead and think who you want
So you thought I didn't mean what I said.
So you're saying you would forbid me from going
So, I got you a date for the evening
So, I guess that makes you my best friend, too
So, I was forced to go for the immoral means.
So, I'm just gonna hang it right here on the wall
So, I'm just gonna keep it right here, if that's cool
So, I'm really excited about tomorrow, okay, bye
So, a week went by and I decided not to call her
So, how about tonight we just stick with the drum roll
So, how do we get in touch with the bridesmaids?
So, if you notice progress in your life, celebrate it.
So, it turned out Uncle Tom really was the jealous type
So, she was already blessed with a flying rabbit.
So, then I said, your motorcycle was like that when I got here
So, there is a complicity that goes beyond one individual.
So, we've got the whole place to ourselves
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
So, where'd we land on the whole plus one thing?
So, why are builders still continuing to push this segment?
So, yes, I know this isn't gonna work
So, you are wanting to sell the cocaine for me in your country, George?
So, you just gave me your number, and your name is Amy
So, you stay with me until you find your David and live happily ever after
Soft touch materials on the dash add an upscale touch.
Softball and Volleyball might be heading for another dry spell.
Soften cream cheese and mix sugar and vanilla.
Soils are considered a basic building block for organic production.
Solid concrete blocks, relatively heavy and dense, are used for this shelter.
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register.
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose.
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this.
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending.
Some elements support the others, but all have limitations.
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments.
Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation.
Some library boards are wary of the plan.
Some men never get to feel that way about anything
Some new home owners bear testimony to this.
Some odor made him lean over the man.
Some of the pieces in your collection here are very impressive
Some of the world's happiest marriage have started
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive.
Some of them came from people who identified themselves.
Some of them were warts until they got promoted.
Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4.
Some of those senators aren't there anymore, are gone.
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too.
Some people are okay, but mostly I feel like poisoning everybody
Some people do not even pay real estate taxes.
Some people think that's a problem, but why?
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless.
Some people's houses are just on the ground.
Some pleasant fall cruising country is mapped out below.
Some porn chicks are putting in breast implants bigger than your head, literally
Some that could influence life down the road.
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak.
Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance.
Some will be in different rooms in your house.
Some women get a real thrill out of housework.
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone.
Somehow I got along better with you on the phone
Somehow he came by the money to commission the Pearl
Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name.
Somehow it came up that you were a friend of mine
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason.
Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire.
Someone wants it. You can't stop it, can you?
Someone would have to remain in the office continually.
Something for you and me to talk about and think about
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped.
Something like that is not possible in any other shooter.
Something that appeals to the best in each and every one of us
Something to make the angels weep, and the Saints to gasp for air
Something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists.
Sometimes I just guzzle some orange juice and power through.
Sometimes I wake up and I can't sleep, not without a drink
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear.
Sometimes even three deep breaths can change everything
Sometimes in life we are called to do great things
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run
Sometimes parents don't even realize that their children are obese.
Sometimes she is a dancer or a movie star.
Sometimes she worked as an artist's model or a dancer.
Sometimes traders lose sight of that, he says.
Sometimes when the marshes are sampled, the changes are slight.
Sometimes, a reporter is humbled by what happens next.
Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline.
Sometimes, as at this juncture, he did not.
Sometimes, even when you know something's a mistake, you gotta make it, anyway
Sometimes, he coincided with my father's being at home.
Somewhere far above him, Irvine is injured too.
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light.
Songs like "Closer," "Crawl" and "Revelry" did just that.
Soon afterward, the company also bought its first outside brand.
Soon she was writing and recording her own songs.
Soon the company had shops in over forty countries.
Soon the office work claimed all her time.
Soon to follow were tailors, blacksmiths and wheelwrights.
Soon, she was making ambitious plans for the future.
Sooner or later, these guys are going to cut us out
Sorry that you and your tennis pals torched this guy who's now after me
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem
Sorry, I could tell what you were just thinking
Sorry, I didn't think we were making that much noise
Sound like a busy job you've got there.
Sounds like a bad idea to me, probably just get in the way
Sounds like a pretty straightforward and expected process to me.
Sounds like they were routing a payroll, for all the heart they put in it
Sounds like you've had a pretty tough go of it with men
Sounds of the girls playing rounders came up from the garden
Soup is often the important dish at supper.
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages.
Spay and neutering is the responsible option, Owen said.
Speaking of misery, she drank herself to sleep again
Specific dates would be important, as would double names.
Spokeswoman Pam McMillan says the study backs up anecdotal evidence.
Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.
Sprinkle cake mix evenly over top of peaches.
Sprinkle with cracked pepper and salt, if desired.
Squatting out there at the Holiday Inn like a couple of vultures
St. Peter was impressed, 'When did this happen?'
St. Thomas Aquinas Academy hosted Lena Thursday night.
Staff writer Lauren Williams contributed to this report.
Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains.
Stare in the face of failure and risk success.
Starr was going to throw the ball extensively.
Start a timer
Start a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes 15 seconds
Start a timer for me
Starting compensation for this position is $25 per hour, DOE.
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways.
Status of the room temperature
Stay here for another night, please
Stay with me, it's gonna come to me
Stayed all day in that room thinking every noise was you
Stephen turned away from her and left the room.
Steve's weak, immoral and a liar but he's still a real nice guy
Steven Adams misses a jump shot from 5 feet out.
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds.
Stewart, would you mind telling me why you're not going?
Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there.
Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune.
Still, the potential for AI seems almost limitless.
Stir constantly over low heat, until the custard is thick.
Stop alarm now
Stop by the laboratory on your way out and have the nurse draw your blood
Stop countdown
Stop the alarm
Stop the timer
Stop timer app
Stop trying to chase down some magical, perfect New Year's, Ted
Story hour includes a themed activity, story, craft and snack.
Strawberry prices could fall dramatically later this year.
Streets run in circles, and turn corners, like Stanley.
Stuart, you don't have to be one or the other
Students must reapply for Maverick Promise funding annually.
Students with U-passes can ride the E-Line for free.
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections.
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system.
Subgroups of various types, interconnected by relational norms.
Subject to State Route No. 57 right of way.
Submissions on the draft regulations close next week.
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence.
Success, of course, depends on all of these things.
Successful gardens must have easy access to irrigation.
Such a program is more demagogic than practical.
Such concerns should guide any consideration of the question.
Such is the field for exercising our reverence.
Such pets are no longer allowed in Antarctica.
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically.
Such violence is fortunately a thing of the past.
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella.
Suddenly one young voice rose above the others.
Suddenly, however, their posture changed and the game ended.
Suffering is never good, but it is relative.
Suffice it to say that the usefulness of the latter apportionment is questionable.
Sun also reported a record backlog of orders.
Superheroes teach girls that it's okay to be different.
Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports.
Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
Support for Hitler grew as Germany's problems got worse.
Suppose he did lie beside Lenin, would it be permanent?
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether?
Suppose her wedding ring was among the jewelry he has in the handbag
Sure I'm insane, but I've got some good news for you
Sure, look in my closet, take any dress you want!
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle?
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.
Surely, you know the rest of the story.
Surf's up, Jack, and you're digging wells in the snow
Surprisingly, he had told the others what he had done.
Surrounded by ancient elms, the campus is spacious and beautiful.
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door.
Susan, a woman's desire for sex is very complex.
Suspicions maybe, but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction
Switch off air conditioner for the room
Switch off heating for the room
Switch off room service screen
Switch off the air conditioner
Switch off the heating
Switch on air conditioner for the room
Switch on heating for the room
Switch on the air conditioner
Switch on the heating
Switch the mode so that the air conditioner is off
Switch the time for the wake up call
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo's victims.
THE streets of France have been subdued this summer.
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution.
TV option, that's a dollar twenty, makes nine eighty six plus tax
TWA eight hundred, center I think that was him.
Take me to the help page
Take our quiz below to test your knowledge.
Take special care on residential streets, especially after dark.
Take this crowd in there and give them a drink
Take this shit back to Detroit and get the rest of our money
Taken together, the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks.
Taking back power means giving parliament a vote.
Taking first things first, let's understand the sport called gymnastics.
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on.
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife.
Tax-wise Australia is the same, but what about social security?
Taylor's solution was simply to reduce his amount of sleep.
Teach me how to control the temperature of this room
Teachers must have the necessary qualifications, the basics.
Technically it was fascinating, aurally spell-binding, and dramatically quite realistic.
Tell 'em what you like; they'll never understand it anyway
Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her.
Tell her I can't wait to meet her in person
Tell her to come here to the hotel.
Tell him we are leaving men here to build a fort
Tell me about check-out
Tell me about room status
Tell me about status of the room
Tell me about the day you got off the train
Tell me about the interesting people you met, won't you?
Tell me about this hotel's check-in policy
Tell me all about yourself, your roots, your personal life, your childhood dreams
Tell me check-in details
Tell me check-in details for the hotel
Tell me check-in for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-in for my reservation
Tell me check-in time
Tell me check-out details
Tell me check-out details for the hotel
Tell me check-out for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-out for my reservation
Tell me check-out time
Tell me details about check-in
Tell me details about check-out
Tell me details about hotel check-in
Tell me details about hotel check-out
Tell me facility information
Tell me front number
Tell me hotel facility information
Tell me hotel facility information, now
Tell me hotel reservation check-in time
Tell me hotel reservation check-out time
Tell me if I set up a wakeup call
Tell me information on check-in
Tell me information on check-out
Tell me more about check-in
Tell me more about check-out
Tell me more information about check-in
Tell me more information about check-out
Tell me more information about hotel check-in
Tell me more information about hotel check-out
Tell me more information on hotel facilities
Tell me some information on air conditioning
Tell me some more of the secrets you and Christian shared
Tell me something, honestly, you ever have second thoughts about us?
Tell me the current room temperature
Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind
Tell me the front desk number
Tell me the hotel check-in hours
Tell me the password for the current wifi
Tell me the room temperature
Tell me the status of the air conditioner
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain?
Tell me the status of the room heating
Tell me the temperature of the room
Tell me the time for hotel check-in
Tell me the time for hotel check-out
Tell me the weather for today
Tell me the weather forecast
Tell me the weather forecast for this afternoon
Tell me the wifi password
Tell me the wifi password for the room
Tell me today's weather
Tell me today's weather forecast
Tell me what I need to do to check out of this hotel
Tell me what options are available for room service
Tell me what the weather will be like on Tuesday
Tell me what time check-in is
Tell me what time check-out is
Tell me what time the hotel check-in is
Tell me what time the hotel check-out is
Tell me when 30 minutes have passed
Tell me when 30 minutes pass
Tell me when check-in is
Tell me when check-out is
Tell me which wifi network I can use
Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request
Tell the front desk that I need amenities
Tell the front desk that I need room cleaning
Tell us a little more about yourself as an artist.
Tell your guys not to block the plate.
Temperature of room needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the air conditioning needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the heating needs to lower by one degree
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
Tenth one
Terminate main screen
Terminate the alarm
Terminate the alarm app
Terminate the alarm menu
Terminate the alarm page
Terminate the alarm screen
Terminate the alarm window
Terminate the concierge app
Terminate the concierge screen
Terminate the help page
Terminate timer
Terminate timer app
Terminate timer screen
Terrance Watkins added 14 more points for Laurel.
Terrorism is a beginning but afterward, all the people must act
Thank you for letting me do that on yours.
Thanks for letting me in on as much as you did
Thanks for not calling me and good night
Thanks for showing me the menu, I'm not interested anymore
Thanks for updating me on the room condition, I'm finished
Thanks for your consideration on this important matter.
Thanks once more for this piece of content.
Thanks to the low prices you can afford more.
Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking?
That at last the vigilance, the will gives way?
That ball is moving all over the place.
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low.
That building could be used for other purposes.
That comfort is nebulous to define but essential to tackle.
That compares with 77 hours at traditional broadband speeds.
That decision proved to be almost fatal to him.
That dilemma is as much with us as ever.
That doesn't apply to me because I'm not a criminal
That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day
That explanation is contradicted, however, by the intelligence documents themselves.
That fifty thousand I promised you, I couldn't get it
That first time was good and it stuck with me.
That game where a bunch of paddies whack sticks at each other?
That guy is many things but he definitely isn't cool
That he had many good points, there is no doubting.
That house was ten years off his life let himself.
That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it
That is $32 higher than the current harvest price.
That is a terrible way to break up with someone
That is compared to 220,000 trays across all of Darwin.
That is exactly what I want right now
That is not a simple matter, he said.
That is not saying much for my wife
That is not the reason you made us listen to this
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out.
That is precisely my plan, but back in my tent
That is the kind of people they are.
That is up eight percentage points on last month.
That is what childhood is, he told himself.
That is what tips the balance and slows the rain.
That is why I cannot provide any details now.
That is, maybe not too much of a lady.
That is, will it serve the long-range public interest?
That lousy attitude that got us here in the first place
That made me a little ashamed. But he added, mercilessly:
That makes me sound like a big loser.
That makes the referendum peculiar to say the least.
That mean there's something more left of you than just that hungry spirit?
That means multiple candidates likely will receive delegates.
That means that McCain has made a fantastic choice.
That money also would have to be borrowed.
That much is clear by the race's staggering, raw statistics.
That mythology leaves his fans devoted to his every word.
That night he went out half a dozen times with the metal suitcase
That night the temperature fell to -29 degrees.
That night they danced on the veranda surrounding the mansion.
That night, I recorded my video and mailed it to Shannon
That night, the temperature fell to -27 degrees.
That northern Texas town is where Larry McMurtry grew up.
That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view.
That one Belle and Sebastian song she always listened to
That opportunity came at the Arc, and now at AYR.
That process will take about six months to complete.
That question will be answered after next May's elections.
That redneck Johnson left me with a shitty hand and I'm bluffing
That retention rate ranks Connecticut 45th in the country.
That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there
That same mentality also applied to race and orientation.
That seems so far away from who you are now
That settled it, and we broke into parties of two and three.
That some men did not want it he could understand.
That someday, you're real small, and you've got no time
The AC in the room isn't strong enough
The AC is not blowing strong enough
The AC needs to be turned up
The Agriculture Department was to begin mailing checks Tuesday.
The Art and Cinema Media departments have other concerns.
The BOD data are given in Table 4.
The Bombers wrapped up the tournament against Milan, Tennessee.
The Cattle Council of Australia is cautiously welcoming the news.
The Chargers linebacker amassed 11 tackles in that game.
The Clinton team declined to comment on their authenticity.
The Coast Guard did not even look at us.
The Colt roared twice and two men dropped, writhing.
The Command post was underground, and well camouflaged.
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler.
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in 1899.
The Cook's knew they would return to Huntington eventually.
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93.
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose.
The Dauntless a first- rate ship-of-line, and with it, you can rule the seas
The Dragons' two-point attempt failed, setting the score at 13-12.
The Ducks led by 44 early in the fourth quarter.
The EIC is the most potent voice in the room.
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
The Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language.
The Federal Government has further extended its drought support package.
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square.
The Flames' power play was scoreless in seven attempts.
The Gaels committed just one turnover in the first half.
The Ghost Ease isn't all shadows, she says.
The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon.
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects.
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 1957.
The Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer.
The Hawks scored two runs in the fourth.
The Hearst dollar mark is all over them.
The High Court's ruling today says it is.
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase.
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon.
The Indian system is pretty comprehensive and flexible.
The Indianapolis-born musician has always had a passion for performing.
The Indians dominated the Cubs in Game 1, winning 6-0.
The Information Age benefits from having more people involved.
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot.
The Internet was not always Microsoft's top priority.
The Internet's sudden growth in popularity changed all the rules.
The Iron Chef brand is not without its loyal followers.
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S.
The Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak.
The Mariners shot just 9-20 from the free throw line.
The Masons, mother or son, or mother and son?
The Mayor of Montreal is on the right track.
The Ministry has sent me here with the most severe instructions
The NHL rejected the counter-proposal, bringing negotiations to a halt.
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets.
The Opposition says it was their policy five years ago.
The Pantheon's interior, still in its original form, is truly majestic and an architectural triumph.
The Pirates have good hitters throughout their lineup.
The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully.
The Rangers are heading out to the desert this morning
The Ravens won the game, 23-20 in overtime.
The Red Ruby lost power, plunging us into darkness.
The SEC wants the bill cut by a third.
The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies.
The Senate voted 14-5 to pass the bill.
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service.
The Slavs have been fighting the Germans and the Russians for a thousand years
The Stars prudently put the Lions into bat first.
The State has some reason to be interested in this man's proposition, Your Eminence
The Super said he'd seen her before but she didn't live here
The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!
The Trump victory will be harder to assess.
The U.S. Government pays for all its overseas workers.
The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left.
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running.
The UN army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
The UUP have erected a barrier to this.
The Vikings certainly have the pitching to get it done.
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev.
The Web connects workers, friends, and families in new ways.
The Web lifestyle is about broadening horizons, not narrowing them.
The Web lifestyle will change the way people shop.
The Wedding Planner is the number one movie of 2001.
The West has no intention of attacking Russia.
The What's Next section at 'The India Story'.
The WiFi in my room has a very low reception signal
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant.
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
The accepted method of writing news has two major liabilities.
The acting is better than it should be.
The actual moments of contact are vitally important.
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
The adults sat around and told stories, he said.
The advertisement was great, but it was never seen again.
The age of the moon was about 2 days.
The age where Government does it all is long past.
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired.
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature.
The air feels too dry
The air is making my skin crack
The amenities in this room are enough for me
The analysis should support action and not just more analysis.
The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves.
The announcement was however somewhat thrifty in its detail.
The annual exhibition was hosted by the Chatham-Kent Wildcats.
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount.
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar.
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances.
The answer to both questions is immediately obvious.
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve.
The architecture just speaks to me, said Myra.
The area is close to government offices, including ministries.
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer.
The artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side.
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead.
The author of Crystal Structures is Ralph W.G.
The autopsies on them should provide some answers.
The average college student takes 5 classes per semester.
The average of states' rates is $1 per mile.
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year.
The ball is also still in the shooter's hand.
The ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
The band has shown no signs of slowing down.
The bands were impatient, but they were the only ones.
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill.
The bath mat in my room is dirty so can you change it?
The bath mat is dirty
The bathrobes in our room have been used
The bathroom is down at the end of the hall
The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105.
The better known candidates will be shoo-ins, he predicted.
The better the tool, the more creative they can be.
The better we look the more money I get to pay you guys overtime
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished.
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts.
The biggest savings came from the reduction in processing costs.
The blast damaged, but did not destroy the room.
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
The board's doing the best it can, he said.
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off.
The bonus is a far cry from the previous discounts.
The boss sent me over to offer you a job
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner.
The bow drove half through her, but she sealed herself right up
The boy came around behind me, dragging the stake.
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
The boys were having a sleepover with his son.
The bucks are right behind them and we're right behind the bucks
The building is equipped with a handicapped accessible elevator.
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside.
The building would've had to give you some kind of notice
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse.
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story.
The caller used a bystander's phone to report the crime.
The cancer home is sustained by donations from well wishers.
The captain was gone, and the mate was gone.
The card is dedicated, in part, to those same 'leaders'.
The case is still under trial in the court.
The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison.
The cattle are bringing good prices at today's auction.
The cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose.
The cavernous studio space quickly filled with people.
The cell is for lack of a better word, perfect
The center is hosted by West Virginia University Research Corporation.
The charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country.
The check was later signed and cashed by another person.
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside.
The choice affects the design of companies and systems.
The choices of an education are much more complex.
The chutes add the flavor of old-time rodeos.
The classic case is Railroad Commission versus Pullman.
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office.
The clerk was young and limp, with a tired smile.
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face.
The closest I can get to the 'Born Free' feeling.
The cold is making me uncomfortable, can you set the thermostat to 81 degrees Fahrenheit?
The cold is playing a part, he said.
The collaboration was remarkable, as it was in both the other movements, too.
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.
The common spices, flavorings, and condiments make up this group.
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies.
The company had cut costs and won victories in court.
The company must also understand where it's going.
The company reaffirmed its earnings guidance for the full year.
The company's sales force applauded the shake up.
The competition in question will take place throughout May.
The competition is subject to terms and conditions.
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr.
The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories.
The congregation will sing several gospel songs, too.
The continuing drought has worsened Australia's outlook for grain production.
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints.
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet.
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode.
The coroner frowned. 'Nonsense! I can't accept this verdict.'
The corpse was on a table, covered by a sheet.
The cost is free to any qualifying students.
The cost of a license now is $2, with an annual renewal fee of $1.
The cost of a personal computer is also coming down.
The cost of grain feed is on everyone's lips.
The cough is supposed to cover the lesbian
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps.
The county will make the switches as painless as possible.
The couple will make their home in Henderson, Nevada.
The couple wore the strings for three days.
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome.
The courts shared the opinion of the employers.
The coverage and the kicking game were atrocious.
The crawling men tried to rise and fell again.
The crowd of 32,000 had only two chances to applaud.
The current amenities in this room will suffice, I don???need anything else
The current bath mat is wet
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000.
The custody suit thing was just my getting back at her
The dangerous man is the man who doesn't care
The dark views about the Puritans found in The Emancipation Of Massachusetts were never altered.
The data are presented in lists and tables.
The data given in Table 2, show the routine operation of the aerator.
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
The data indicated that the organic load during the 6-hr.
The date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
The day it arrived in bookshops was 19 October 1987.
The days do not get longer without a price.
The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical.
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips.
The desk clerk seemed to be a little bit suspicious
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent.
The disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave.
The dividend had been five cents a share.
The dogs were working a trail -- lion?
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies.
The donation comes from the Legion's gaming fund.
The dream is still alive for the Camas-Washougal Granite.
The driver and five mechanics suffered only small burns.
The driver was arrested for violating the court order.
The driveway is huge and can accommodate 6 cars.
The drought is also pushing wool prices up.
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year.
The drug went after the pain and swallowed it.
The drums of thunder were right behind him now.
The end of the game you count up your money
The end of the marriage was at hand.
The engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness.
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn.
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown.
The escalation must end sometime, and probably quite soon.
The evening was not always spent in the same way.
The event is tied in with the novel, said Stewart.
The event will be chip-timed by Stuart Road Racing LLC.
The executives didn't disclose the size of the expected gain.
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art.
The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking.
The exotic french fungus is currently fetching $3,000 a kilogram.
The expectation is that he will beat her 2-1.
The experience made him want to escape his family's poverty.
The extent and location of open areas is noted.
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons.
The facility will host new research and educational programs.
The fact is, I don't know how I feel
The famed Yankee Clipper, now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach.
The family also had their grandmother living with them.
The family has fled without a forwarding address.
The feathered lance was still above his head.
The features of his face are distinct, but not fine.
The feeling subsided, it was only a small yearning.
The feet wore army shoes, in obvious disrepair.
The fighters were separated in a few minutes.
The figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence.
The filtered air benefits allergies, asthma, sinus, hay fever.
The final report is due on October 27.
The final score was 18 to 8 for the Islanders.
The finding is only advisory, but it is credible.
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses.
The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving!
The first question is: Would I like to live here?
The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960.
The first time I rode in a limo, I was five
The first time in my life I have gambled
The first two or three days they went home early.
The first was the commune program, which will ensure agricultural poverty for years.
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight.
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep.
The five men took Marina out of the room.
The flame was simply of a different kind.
The flourishing kibbutzim, isolated from Jerusalem, immediately came under siege.
The flower coughed. But not because she had a cold.
The flower had one day seen a caravan passing.
The following is a less extreme example of dependence.
The following month, the company put itself up for sale.
The following possibilities exist for achieving this
The following statement can be found in the environment chapter.
The fool reminds us we get too concerned about appearances.
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter.
The four evangelists are depicted in an 11th-century Bohemian illumination.
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece.
The franchise rights alone will make us wealthy beyond your wildest dreams
The friendless condition in which we shall leave her fills me with anxiety
The gallium content, however, has been enhanced five-fold.
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit.
The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost.
The game was a back-and-forth affair the entire way.
The gangs were heavy around here, she said.
The genetic material that you spliced into Nomak
The girls study hard but smile easily and often.
The goal is to help facilitate potential partnerships.
The goal, of course, is to be like you, the Day walker
The good news is that money isn't everything.
The good old days: toasting marshmallows over a burning witch
The government will want to send you a letter of commendation
The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills.
The graph we came up with definitely points to something big
The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle.
The green bits made the whole thing just fabulous.
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
The ground below your feet begins to shake.
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings.
The guards came to life with astonishing menace.
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
The guest bedroom has a Bow window to the front.
The guest list has been closed for months
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist.
The guys who get the calls are good, not flashy, just good
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H.
The hairdryer is broken
The half-man laughed with something close to real humor.
The handwritten sign advertises eggs and choice butter.
The happy one could never have looked happier.
The hard way is that I stomp the crap out of you myself
The harder the choice, the more willing the league is to wade in.
The heater is still too weak
The heavens refused to give up their weeping.
The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day.
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere.
The higher elevations had a few inches of snow yesterday.
The hired man ran over to help his boss.
The home screen did not provide me with the answers I needed
The horse and men were saved, but the oxen drowned.
The horse plodded on, and he repeated his call.
The horse will be trained by David Hayes in Victoria.
The horseman required eleven times more than the footman.
The hotel information found on the screen has answered all the question I've had regarding the hotel
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it.
The house of cards will not forever stand.
The house was modern, large, on five acres.
The houses in this area are both old and new.
The hunters explain why this is easier said than done.
The idea is to make navigation a little simpler.
The idea of shareholder responsibility is something we consider important.
The idea of you as my adopted brother is very exciting
The idea seems to threaten profound, barely conscious assumptions.
The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us, however.
The incident has occurred at 8.30 pm on Wednesday.
The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations.
The increase had been driven by heavy spending on autos.
The industrial average closed down from 18 to 2600
The infighting at Alabama State University smells like something bad.
The information I'm requesting is not found on the main menu
The information is not necessary, please turn it off
The information on the display is no longer useful  to me
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense.
The innocent people have lost their houses, some lost everything.
The institute issued a turbulence advisory for light planes.
The internet in my room is way too slow and choppy
The investigation will be well worth your time.
The irony is, I could probably cure every vampire but him
The islands are covered with trees, filled with blossoms and fruits
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
The job also covers a number of other items.
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
The judge used the word intentional many times.
The judges thought it should have been marijuana.
The key thing we proved was that Hiss was a liar
The key word in my plays is ' perhaps '.
The kick came, sudden and vicious but short.
The kid on the windy side of the baker's window
The kids are receptive to the training sessions, Hove said.
The kids get so excited over these shoes, Gray said.
The kids really pride themselves in their work.
The kind who came into a cheap store like this!
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him.
The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded.
The lag effect promotes higher stream flows during summer months.
The lake is calm and peaceful this morning.
The lake is cooling down and fishing is improving.
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it.
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter.
The larger gift was the canvas of Syracuse itself.
The last few years the parade averaged about 70 entries.
The last we spent any time together I was fourteen
The latch is on your side of the door.
The latest operation follows checks by doctors in recent days.
The latter is not reduced to the former.
The leagues are full of guys like that.
The least you can do is be courteous to her
The lecture, by the way, comes at taxpayer expense.
The left fielder threw and it was a good one.
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away.
The length of each training course varies, Kidd said.
The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor.
The liberals have to get him to win the cases.
The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief.
The light at that time is a benediction.
The light was fading and I had to get my shot
The lights are hurting my eyes. I want to dim down the lights
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes.
The list of wasteful spending goes on and on.
The little boy screamed and burst into loud tears.
The little official hung his head in shame.
The little prince went to look at the roses again.
The living room may only be used by members.
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today.
The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless.
The long, unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels.
The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail, with a drop door for ventilation.
The lower temperature will take longer to roast the vegetables.
The magnification may be smaller, equal, or larger than unity.
The main menu is missing the information I am looking for so I want to close the screen
The main threat is actually global temperature rising, he said.
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin.
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell.
The man opened his mouth, but no words came.
The man said with a tone of impatience.
The man said, backing up a step, still looking down.
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank.
The man was just this side of being a freak.
The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself
The man's voice was a sweet, patient whisper.
The march consisted of participants dressed in white.
The marine yelled and flung the hand away.
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns.
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
The master's hand has lost none of its craft.
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700.
The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source.
The mayor of the town taught them English and French.
The memory of you walking out that door
The men mewed and scratched, begging to be taken away.
The menu includes many other options, as well.
The method of compiling the AIA and TR lists will be described later.
The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that.
The moment you returned from the battle your options were clear
The money goes to a good cause, but I don't have anybody to go with
The money may go away, but the people don't.
The month of February is one of my favorite months.
The moon trying to shoot down through all these trees can make things funky
The more I think about it the more irritated I get
The more I try to picture her, the more I can't
The more desperate pace was reserved for the visitors.
The more he saw, the more ideas he had.
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime.
The most important of these is the height.
The most important tasks of a democracy are done by everyone
The motion was defeated 33 votes to 31.
The motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different.
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile.
The music surged up, but it failed to check it.
The name comes from the number of a train.
The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips.
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him.
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the criticisms.
The necessity of that day has long disappeared.
The need for reupholstering, redecorating, repainting becomes more infrequent.
The new, jacketed slug in Magnum corrected this.
The next days may show where things stand.
The next developments will probably be in weaponry.
The next few years were difficult for him.
The next night, I took her out to this little bistro in Brooklyn
The night I take you to places you've never been before
The night clerk has already gone, you are late
The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm.
The night you met, your first date, other first things
The noon release is open to the public.
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns.
The number depends on who is talking at the moment.
The odds of winning most lottery prizes may be long.
The offer is based on several conditions, including obtaining financing.
The one thing he knows is there are bookshelves inside.
The one thing they had in common was their hatred.
The one who equates number of words with value.
The only honest thing to do is call it off
The only important differences from that standpoint, between the two Constitutions, lies in their Preambles.
The only man for this job is sitting right here in town
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome.
The only thing I'm sure of is that I can't go to sleep
The only way that I can see is through communication.
The only way to find things is to relax.
The open events take place between 5pm and 7pm.
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual.
The operation took more than 10 hours, doctors said.
The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view
The opponents, on the contrary, are using force and weapons.
The order of fitting is not too important.
The other elders will never let you get away with this!
The other reason is if somebody gets hurt.
The others were valued at $325, $75 and $65.
The outcome of the experiment is X successes.
The owners don't like us to even talk about it
The pain dulled as he moved, and he steadied inside.
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long.
The painted stairway to the upstairs living room space.
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy
The past comes back to us in mental snapshots.
The payment, BusinessDay gathered, would be made in installments.
The people who told the stories were sincere.
The percentages are lower in most other countries.
The performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal.
The pest was found after the boats were moored.
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives.
The pilot plant was equipped with a 3-hp.
The place we're going is on the other side of that
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men.
The playing takes both sides of the disc.
The point is, maybe it's time for some healthy communication
The points may also touch C without crossing.
The policeman walked on, but he looked back once.
The poor kid -- the poor, frail kid.
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.
The population registration system still has important functions.
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition.
The possibilities are few, and the total number of rules may be considerably greater.
The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision.
The post had been vacant for more than a year.
The postponement, was suggested by Mayor Lionel Rivera.
The power of this place is old and always restless
The preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study.
The present edition of crystal data was written by J.D.H.
The price of fresh fruit and vegetables has also sky-rocketed.
The price of nickel is currently at a record high.
The principal mauler, however, was Senator Joseph McCarthy.
The probe started after Volkswagen alerted prosecutors to possible wrongdoing.
The problem is: the NLF wants us to leave Algeria and we want to remain
The problem may have reached an apex in the EU.
The problem soon cleared and the questioning became robust.
The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one.
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex.
The problems with such a system of categorization are myriad.
The process is very environmentally compatible and highly efficient.
The product is more or less the same.
The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston.
The program will be a Historical Show and Tell.
The project is currently supported by Harvard University.
The project is expected to be complete by June.
The projects were selected through the application-based Strategic Priorities Funds.
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land.
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
The public is welcome to spectate and celebrate.
The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute.
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear.
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple.
The quest for pussy is the meaning of life
The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness
The question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
The question, once again, was one of money.
The race took place July 9 in Edmonton.
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation.
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first.
The railway companies said they needed more money from taxes.
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland.
The rankings also play into "at-large bids" for the tournament.
The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits.
The real star of this cast is the chorus.
The reason, authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence.
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained.
The record books, however, would favor the Giants' ace.
The record came as a surprise for the breeder.
The religion supports, re-enforces, reaffirms, and maintains the fundamental values.
The remaining eight commissioners voted in favor of the application.
The report's accurate but it's not complete, he said.
The residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds.
The respect I have for my grandfathers cannot be measured.
The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
The rest are process and don't necessarily impact policy.
The rest depend on where you are from.
The rest of your post is just as off target.
The restaurant's origin story is a long and tangled one.
The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates.
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed.
The result was that workers increased their production.
The rider from Concord was as good as his word.
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked.
The right will land first, followed by the left.
The roar of regents has decided to terminate your grant
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change.
The room does not need heating
The room doesn't feel as warm as I'd like it to be. Increase the temperature by 10 degrees
The room feels humid, can we turn on the AC?
The room is bright, please dim down the lights
The room is stuffy
The room is too bright, please turn off all the lights
The room is too dark, please turn on the lights
The room is warm enough, I don?셳 need the heater anymore
The room isn't as warm as I need it to be
The room needs heating
The room needs to be much warmer
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them.
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
The runners with the fastest cumulative times win.
The rustling problem was by no means solved.
The sale represents 10.2% of Meridian's shares outstanding.
The sales of Notebook computers grew at 52% year-on-year.
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices.
The same strategy is in place with Iran.
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands.
The scene works perfectly on a purely visual level.
The screen test was never made -- but Diane was.
The second argument applies the method in the reverse way.
The second planet was inhabited by a very vain man.
The second question, which is research, is equally important.
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
The senior enjoyed a big night running the ball.
The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds.
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet.
The set is flush with behind-the-scenes extras and storyboards.
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994.
The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
The ship is expected to be loaded today.
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound.
The show began as a way to showcase student talent.
The sidewalk was scoured with bleach every single day.
The site near the town was abandoned in 1983.
The six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake.
The size of the contingent was not disclosed.
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
The skiff was not heading for the nursery, however.
The slope was covered with new soft snow.
The small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc.
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant.
The snow came a little faster now, he noted.
The snow cornices to the right were very dangerous.
The soaking will put life back in the wagon, too.
The social effects of the Web lifestyle will be enormous.
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones.
The sooner it's over, the sooner you're on your way
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify.
The special airs exclusively on Western Reserve PBS.
The spire seemed to hold up the sky.
The state has been on track to keep breaking records.
The state is NOT our lord and master.
The state's BJD-free status is now under threat.
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
The statement of the system is a different matter.
The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room.
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him.
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there.
The stories feature straight men experimenting with their sexuality.
The story is repeated throughout the mining region.
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known.
The story reflects the way too many people feel.
The strange creature, housed in wire, made him shudder.
The street cleaner had not yet been around.
The streets in the colored section were dirty.
The student population contains a mix of cultures.
The student's case is scheduled for trial next year.
The students were asked what sustainability means to them.
The study of ideas in literature is one of these.
The subject is directly applicable to the audience.
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday.
The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons.
The suspects have been charged with aggravated assault.
The swan is in fact the nice country of pride.
The sweetness of tomatoes has gone down, he said.
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced.
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign.
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense.
The system passes on these savings to its members.
The system sustained gunshots in a previous incident.
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
The tale, he thought, would become less gay.
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake.
The tax strategy document can be viewed here.
The team also earned a full-paid bid to the "Shout!"
The team seems very, very excited about this new dynamic.
The temperature dependent value was taken from Reference
The temperature is still too high, lower it by 3 degrees
The temperature of this room in unacceptable
The temperature of this room needs to decrease at least 10 degrees , immediately
The temptation to take part in the profiteering was substantial.
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind.
The theory behind this is, of course, fundamentalist in character.
The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud.
The thing about New Year's Eve is that it sucks
The thing to do is to sit still and keep our traps shut
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest.
The three had little to say to each other.
The three sales conditions have therefore been satisfied.
The thrifts agreed to the transaction in August 1988.
The thyroid gland is the first to uptake radioactive iodine.
The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance.
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely.
The timing's unfortunate I admit, Mr Doyle said.
The top 12 field event competitors advance to Saturday's finals.
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical.
The total is the probably gross income from farming.
The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood
The transaction is expected to close around year end.
The travel, the bohemian art life, my big lesbian experience
The trial is expected to last three months.
The troop had halted, and each man bent his eye on the leader
The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest.
The trucks today help pay for this highway.
The true surge had to be inside the marble itself.
The trunk was just picked up by an old lady
The two events are taking place at the same time.
The two smoked together then the suspect left.
The two will focus on the persecution of Christians.
The two women babbled and crooned at him.
The upper part of his packet had stained dark.
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing.
The virus stunts tomato growth and drastically limits yields.
The voice came from behind him, and Wilson turned.
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt.
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below.
The volume of crude oil released remains under evaluation.
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951.
The voter registration deadline is Oct. 18, at midnight.
The voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off.
The walls bulged, the floor trembled, the windowpanes rattled.
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2.
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85.
The waves may keep coming for many hours.
The way people got information and made decisions was changing.
The way to free you from the curse of the treasure
The way we figure it, Barbara flies to Boston twice a week
The welfare state as we know it can't last.
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night.
The whole production this week is fresh and lively.
The whole sordid thing is far beneath your position to begin with
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
The whole thing must have been so embarrassing for you
The wind grew stronger, and clouds came up.
The wind speed is still too weak
The winner will receive a $220,000 prime mover.
The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation
The women had traveled here aboard a cruise ship.
The women's faces had hardened after my statement.
The word is that soon he is to be king of the middle empire
The word means it won't boil away easily, nothing else.
The words drummed in my ears in monotonous competition.
The words you're looking for weren't in the dictionary you studied
The workers are the most important thing in any company.
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close.
The years suddenly fell away at this point.
The years, if they were years, went by.
The young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
Their anger is justified after the Panama leaks.
Their comments were met by applause from the crowd.
Their eligibility is re-evaluated when family members find employment.
Their eyes turned cold and accusing, even Via's.
Their federal lawsuit was dismissed as frivolous two months ago.
Their feet are on the long path right beside him.
Their fourth and last child, Rocco, was born in 1971.
Their gait is impossible to convey in words.
Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them
Their onrush and retreat, he reported, was accompanied by a great hissing, roaring and rattling.
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room.
Their thirteenth place finish beat last years by eight spots.
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards.
Then CWI said the law didn't require it.
Then Fisk met Lind about a year later.
Then I asked Observer editor Dave Mann the same question.
Then I fixed supper for my husband and waited until
Then I guess it's not meant to be
Then I guess we're doing this the right way, aren't we?
Then I guess you're gonna have to call me
Then I remembered we made love in that field before we left for home
Then I'll back up 200 feet to behind the public restroom
Then Katie stumbled, and again he was falling, falling!
Then a drifter named Deacon Frost came calling one evening
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain.
Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him
Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations.
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve.
Then began the journey through their own mine fields.
Then demand that your information systems provide the answers.
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor.
Then he called on the governor to explain why.
Then he came out and started driving toward the beach.
Then he looked into my eyes and smiled.
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
Then he spread out the last list on the counter.
Then he thought me more perverse than ever.
Then he was on his way at a gallop.
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house.
Then it mixed with Barkers Butts the year after.
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide.
Then just give me one of your explanations that all three of us'll buy
Then let me bring Betty to the set and see what happens
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin.
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me
Then she is in Maid in Manhattan, a love story.
Then she must have run out of the room and you found her
Then she starts to look for a job.
Then she's not as smart as I thought she was
Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him.
Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling.
Then the Bulls were bitten by the injury bug.
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone.
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.
Then there are his enemies to contend with.
Then there had been another head beside his own.
Then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying.
Then there was the General kissing his wife.
Then there you were, such a beautiful, beautiful grown man
Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change
Then they find a name inside his shirt.
Then try driving to Brooklyn with my brains all over the windshield
Then we see the flies with sunhats and suitcases.
Then why did you have anything to do with him?
Then why did you wait until right before the wedding to compose them?
Then you can tell if it is the right material.
Then you don't deserve to hear his stories
Then you need to understand what the data means.
Then you requested a high-five, with your foot
Then, a little bit after that the headaches came
Then, a minute later: 'Why don't I go down?'
Then, after a while, she went to her mirror.
Then, at 4 o'clock, he turned to go.
Then, feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after calving.
Then, it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points.
Then, one by one, they too left home.
Then, something horrible happens that's when you start praying all the time
Then, the protesters left as quickly as they had come.
Then, they had to get up and be General Burnside.
Thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.
There appeared to be no representative from the media.
There are a few prognoses of coming events.
There are a lot of hairs on the floor of my hotel room
There are a number of reasons for this, she said.
There are absolutely no women out there for you
There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south.
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups.
There are also short positions on several of the stocks.
There are certain things I wouldn't do for my country
There are certain things and feelings that we must not voice
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning.
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock as I discovered.
There are even publications called Sick and Mad.
There are formula and name indexes covering both parts.
There are four for rap, the same for country.
There are many soft and light shoe leathers available.
There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems.
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product.
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series.
There are more tears now than on Day One.
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
There are no problems with her family now.
There are no words that quite express, my gratitude or happiness
There are now only unknown dead dreams, and bitter disappointment.
There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne.
There are reasons for the way we do things here
There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment.
There are surprises, however, that can come from cell phones.
There are three levels on which to treat the subject.
There are two arguments floating in Turkey at the moment.
There are two big questions a man has to ask in life
There are two main markets for cars in this country.
There are two sides of a coin for this decision.
There are two six-ounce pork chops that are very tender.
There are two ways to use customer data.
There are two ways you could do this, she said.
There are volunteers, media, speeches and town-hall-style meetings everywhere.
There aren't many choices in town anyway, you'd have to eat alone
There aren't many men who love their work as much as I do
There could be more if the funds allow.
There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle.
There had been an eclipse of the moon.
There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions.
There have been a number of sound plans proposed.
There have been no arrests in any of the slayings.
There is Karl Marx, of course, buried in London.
There is a $5 charge for face painting.
There is a bronze wreath on the wall.
There is a budget crisis and it affects everyone.
There is a cool wind blowing through the air.
There is a general perception that something is wrong.
There is a joy to learning, he says.
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders.
There is a mixed outlook for other grains.
There is absolutely no shame in that nation.
There is never enough corn, peas or strawberries.
There is no charge and no state aid.
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed.
There is no need to keep this screen open anymore
There is no other way to sum it up.
There is no question as to just what is available.
There is no socially existential answer to the question.
There is no such magic in man-made laws.
There is no way she moved to Guam in January.
There is one big way we can help them.
There is one other thing we could do
There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream.
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
There is something wrong with my hairdryer
There is something you can do for me, Miss
There is unceasing pressure, but its sources are immediate.
There is very little for you to do, but I do need your help
There is we have to have a bipartisan approach.
There is, to begin, an important sex difference.
There it is and there is what was in it.
There might be some trades this week, he said.
There must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there
There need be no squeamishness about admitting this.
There needs to be a clarification of this, he said.
There needs to be more conditioner sent to my room
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved.
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated.
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
There was a cancellation two months from now
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals.
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice.
There was a lady there, in a nightdress.
There was a long pause among the three ministers.
There was a pause and then the singing began again.
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point.
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby.
There was a thick, squashy crack of fist on flesh.
There was a tie for second place at 16.61 pounds.
There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester.
There was always a pause here, before the next line.
There was an annual audit, Garth informed him.
There was another noise from the hearing aid.
There was another on this side, a little further down.
There was dancing in the big hotels every night.
There was good hard snow under his feet.
There was more to this than Jones had told him.
There was no cost estimate for the second phase.
There was no cover here, only grass sighing against pant-legs.
There was no dream of escape for these people.
There was no lock because Herman didn't allow a lock.
There was no longer any need to hide.
There was no process of trial and error.
There was no reported damage to the warehouse.
There was no sign of alcohol or any other explanation.
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money.
There was nothing he could do but wait.
There was nothing he could do but walk.
There was nothing in particular on the man's face.
There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive.
There was one further step in my religious progress.
There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me.
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience.
There was seven or eight of 'em come to the house
There was someone in front with the sheriff.
There was too much weight casually to toss it away.
There was, additionally, a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons.
There was, of course, no real need to rearrange everything.
There we can see the pitching we need to see.
There were aesthetic problems as well as political.
There were also a couple in Canada, and several in England.
There were also leaks in the computer lab.
There were bombings and shootings in the cities.
There were fewer end-of-season stocks and more reorders.
There were five of them, and their faces were covered.
There were many conflicting accounts of his fate.
There were no reasons for such suppositions then.
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots.
There were other roofs, less convenient but not impossible.
There were over 40 carts in the cruise this year.
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.
There were tools about but they were neatly kept.
There were video screens and spaces for art.
There will also be free face painting and fortune telling.
There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3, covering all three volumes.
There will be many more upstarts enjoined in the fight.
There will of course be times for delay and inaction.
There wouldn't be much demand for it, I'm afraid.
There you have it, the divorce is final.
There you'll be, with two lovely ships on your hands, and what to do?
There you'll find such treasures await you
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on.
There's a force, you see a spirit that exists in our blood
There's a game tonight anyway and he'll never miss me
There's a hairpin coming up, that's the place for it
There's a lot more at stake here than what you want
There's a problem with the iron
There's a reason for this length of stay.
There's a strip mall not half a mile from my house
There's a wonderful smell about Iowa, very particular to this part of the country
There's also an educational component to the ritual, she added.
There's been no environmental impact study done, he said.
There's definitely a lot that needs to be done.
There's fresh evidence Kevin may have been onto something.
There's got to be a load of money in this
There's jewelry, all kinds of earrings, necklaces, Patti said.
There's just so much to do for this wedding
There's little consensus on how swiftly fresh vegetables lose nutrients.
There's more need out there than her clinic can provide.
There's no love lost between the two candidates.
There's no point in continuing policies that don't work.
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were.
There's no sickness smell at all here, and little blood
There's no time, I'll call you in the morning
There's no way Claudia has been drunk for three years
There's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell
There's no word yet on the cost of that track.
There's nothing like your personal and professional networks.
There's nothing there now and I don't get any significant readings
There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank
There's something here, a new line, right across your life line
There's something wrong with every single place we look at
There's something, somebody here, I want to see them coming
There's still such a thing as mental illness.
There's ways to do it so nobody knows who anybody is
There've been no new leads in eight years.
There, he met one of the top managers, Donaldson Brown.
Therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines.
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor.
These are all comments specifically mailed to our newsroom.
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured.
These are just another couple of characters to roll.
These are not, however, differences in federal structure.
These are older women just dressed up to look young
These are very intense people and they take things personally
These are very serious, almost insurmountable obstacles, of course.
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei.
These bathrobes are a little too scratchy for my taste
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames.
These bugs don't affect our schedule at all, he said.
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance.
These customers were not just Romans, or even Italians.
These estimates assist in local and provincial government planning processes.
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry.
These guys simply don't retire to condos over the Euphrates.
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28.
These have sought more and more of what they have.
These heartlanders can't figure it out, 'cause that's not their sweet little Betty
These idiotic filler pieces were a guilty pleasure of ours
These include : leaves of absences, illnesses, and layoffs.
These letters became the center of my existence.
These machines will become part of ordinary life.
These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed
These new machines changed our economies and our lifestyles.
These offered a greater selling area in a single place.
These people have had to make some very difficult choices.
These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe.
These plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen.
These poured through the gate and joined the flight.
These remedies were straight forward, not 20 pages long.
These rooms all look the same, even when you're sober
These societies can expect to face difficult times.
These studies vary widely in scope and precision.
These systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems.
These things are easy on the Web today.
These tips apply to almost everyone, including you!
These two basic malformations have, of course, many variations.
These two walks take you through the heart of Rome.
These were heroes nine feet tall to him.
These were test cases for Benetton's global brand.
These were the last words he ever uttered.
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department.
These will be drilled and tapped later on.
They all bowed low as I approached them.
They all consider me just as one of the boys
They all stood in a half circle for morning prayers
They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities.
They also improved communications with their external partners.
They also liked his ideas for new tools and machines.
They also reject any articles referring to gender equality.
They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians.
They also take the show to Vegas annually.
They also worry about Tyler's state of mind.
They are always very popular and quick to fill up.
They are amazing mechanics and pilots, Lawyer said.
They are climbing down together in the dark.
They are found in offshore and inshore waters.
They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony.
They are held in control by force, but barely.
They are not honest, and they have no integrity.
They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile.
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
They are sure to both prominently feature sip and strolls.
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy.
They are the ones who call these doctors murderers.
They are two good colts of different type.
They are using this tactic to elevate their revenues.
They are working on the wrong part of our anatomy.
They aren't being allowed to leave and could become hostages.
They ask nothing of us but occasional ruthless thinning.
They ask people for money for sick children.
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar.
They believe he fled to Grand Junction on Friday night.
They both had oxygen and were carrying about 20 kilograms.
They both lament the passing of lost loves.
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits.
They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried
They called her Mollie the Mutton, and laughed.
They came to say good-bye to an old friend.
They can look at different ways of combining benefits online.
They can't catch other animals so they turn to us
They can't find their asses with both hands.
They charged into the enemy like wild men.
They climbed along the rope to Mallory and Norton.
They climbed carefully, cutting steps in the snow.
They come from the east and equally from the west.
They complained only that the measures don't go far enough.
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated.
They could come on him now without difficulty.
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt.
They did not say anything about the banned computer program.
They didn't find any signs of life on the Viking missions
They didn't seem to be able to think of any.
They didn't want to wait to find out.
They do our country great harm by such actions.
They do this simply for the pleasure of others.
They do want to read the news, though.
They don't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
They don't have the support of our people.
They don't seem to be especially ego driven, this is true
They entered the bedroom, and Dolores said nothing.
They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion.
They even pay me six dollars a month.
They expect him to answer their questions immediately over e-mail.
They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors.
They explained value judgments by explaining them away.
They followed the others toward the east gate.
They found nothing, but that was not surprising.
They found the answer in Coco Chanel's new shop.
They go out in the sun they don't burn, they blister
They got nothing to do with helping you make it
They got two tails and a drill bit for a head
They grew louder as the Indians charged again.
They had Vermouth, sitting in front of a cafe.
They had already lost most of their corn, she thought.
They had been with Ms. Gaines for approximately seven hours.
They had come not to admire but to observe.
They had done something no one had ever done before.
They had learned, both of them, about Abraham Wharf.
They had left both of his eyes uncovered.
They had left themselves too much to discover.
They had not heard what had been said.
They had oxygen, and Odell said they were 'moving quickly.'
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise.
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom.
They have a 15 month old son, Johnny.
They have a lot of programs for senior citizens.
They have a place to call home on Charles Street.
They have a shell that covers their back and belly.
They have become the sheep in my analogy.
They have broken most of their wedding vows, but they're still the best couple I know
They have each paid over $1,000 for their seats.
They have the satisfaction only a hard day's labor can provide
They have to live with their conscience and their decision.
They haven't hurt him anymore, but he was crying
They include both individual fears and collective ones.
They indicate simple division, multiplication, subtraction, and addition.
They joke that they want to live vicariously through me.
They just don't know what's going on anywhere.
They just might keep you out of jail bishop.
They just want to cover their asses or meet girls or tear each other down
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations.
They killed you and you don't even know it
They know Jack will give them what they want once they have her
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones.
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile.
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together.
They like their wild life in focus and without any personal comment
They live according to nature, in a never ending summer
They looked around for different things to wear.
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in.
They loved Hiss just like they loved this Ellsberg character
They make large purchases online easier and quicker.
They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter.
They moved in on him, crowded him from all sides.
They moved into the house 15 years ago.
They moved slowly, toward the main gate, following the wall.
They must certify we are sane and because of your, what is law called?
They need to see the new version
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man.
They never called him by name, although he had one.
They never really had their own electorates to speak of.
They offered no opinions, volunteered nothing, betrayed no emotions.
They often can arrange for test drives, too.
They passed the marmalade, the bread, the black-market butter, back and forth.
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap.
They predicted escalation, and escalation is what we are getting.
They put down their loads and turned back.
They put us in the back of a van with blacked out windows
They quickly realized they loved to work with children.
They realized that she wasn't just an ordinary pop star.
They refused to reveal if the claimant was South Asian.
They risk their lives as they bravely face the unknown.
They said Arkansas could not stand to lose Fulbright's seniority.
They sat down and studied the summit ridge carefully.
They shook hands and threw their arms round each other.
They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
They should see what their competitors' Internet sites look like.
They sold fruit and sandwiches at local fairs.
They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses, or at private homes.
They still don't have all the information to show that.
They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other
They surged around him, fingers pointing, eyes prying.
They take the professional income, slowly grow it, then invest.
They tell you objectively what customers like and don't like.
They took Elly Kedward out to the same kind of trees
They took his whole life away, Raymond McClurkin said.
They tracked mud on the oaken floor, on the carpet.
They train the mink and other animals to fight.
They try to keep within the speed limits.
They try to play baseball the best they can.
They understood and teased me a bit about it.
They value McCaw's bid at $112 to $118 a share.
They want me to anchor the news tonight
They want to provide an intimate evening with people.
They were a little late in getting home.
They were a much older group, possibly retirees.
They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee, pianist.
They were always trying so you got to expect it.
They were both walking towards each other, unhurried.
They were carrying loads of 22 kilograms with no oxygen.
They were clumsy, but they were beginning to catch on.
They were expected to have similar values and similar attitudes.
They were forced to flee for their lives.
They were found quickly and also went foster homes.
They were going to town, and they were both excited.
They were hunters with permission to go on nearby land.
They were in the center of the lobby now.
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable.
They were now a family of professional manufacturers.
They were now making 100,000 sweaters a month.
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them
They were silent for a little while, each looking glum.
They were simple but fierce, like lushly colored woodcuts.
They were tethered, army style, on stable lines.
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
They were tired, thirsty, and had no oxygen.
They were, in effect his last testament to non-objective art.
They weren't as well paid as they should have been.
They weren't good enough and that's my responsibility.
They won't even let you in the front door.
They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia, them traitors!
They wondered if Avian Flu was the cause.
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant.
They would still be paid by the patient.
They wouldn't touch us with a three meter cattle prod
They'll be in range in a short while.
They'll get your tray table in its full, upright position
They'll know right away the authorities are looking for us
They'll know they're not going to see everything on Sunday night
They'll move around that rock all day, following the shade.
They'll probably throw out the entire engineering department and turn their building over to us
They're also welcomed by a couple whose teams return intact.
They're both important plays to do in DC.
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated.
They're going after Rachel now, and I can't stop them
They're going to have to come over here and audition
They're going to say that you enticed Marsh, led him down a dark path
They're nice little things - what do you do with them?
They're not afraid to use the word love.
They're not going to stop till you give me your number
They're not photographs, they're stories, entire histories captured in moments
They're stable, loyal and generate a great referral base.
They're still doing a lot of yelling and pot-smoking but nothing to worry about
They're used to people in trees, not in a clearing
They're very sensitive at work about all this stuff
They're waiting for us, but let's keep this dream stuff between you and me
They've got nothing to lose and it's so very like them
They've had their chances and they've blown it, I think.
They've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's.
They've seen a formidable opponent become a beatable one.
They've still got to be able to sign his name
They, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers.
They, too, have fragments of the go code with them.
They, too, have links with the city's ills.
Things like I was selfish, controlling, and dishonest.
Think fewer worksheets at the desk and more group exploration.
Think hard about the facts you need to know.
Think of your likely usage ever so carefully.
Think you'll make it all the way to getting your wings?
Think, Reggie, you've got to think, it may be what we're looking for
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad.
Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction, he later released him.
Third one
Thirteenth one
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training.
This absolutely needs to be a focus for us.
This article is taken from The Wall Street Journal.
This article provides some information on surveillance cameras.
This bar's going to be packed with girls for you to pick from
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight.
This bill should be paid within 30 days.
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long.
This can not be created until there is funding available.
This characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry, but not Ptolemy's astronomy.
This child let loose the beast from its cage
This circular edifice, constructed by Agrippa in B.C.
This contributes to me being an effective writer.
This could also be used for any other skin irritation.
This could be a past life experience intruding on the present
This could be moved to the definition section.
This could either be egg production, meat production or both.
This could go off in a month
This could well prove to be a dangerous oversight.
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss.
This country certainly didn't ask for it
This definitely falls into that higher category of art I was speaking of earlier
This device was easily manipulated to go anywhere and fast.
This did not go down well in conservation circles.
This difference is made up of many factors.
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1.
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
This does give relief, as I can testify.
This does not allow the mystery to invade us.
This doesn't look like the kind of place Betty would go to
This easily takes care of dozens of small shrubs.
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns.
This exception is both irrational and contrary to federal law.
This experience will have happened to many of you.
This facility will take approximately one year to complete.
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that.
This friend of mine once waited outside for two hours, couldn't get in
This from a man with much responsibility for today's crisis.
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?
This gave us forty-five cities, later reduced to thirty-eight.
This gift was not without a price, however.
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
This gives you a wide and varied choice.
This hand's gonna be stroking the back of your neck tonight
This hand-gesture thing doesn't really work on the phone, does it?
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon.
This has subsequently been verified by the experience.
This has to stop or the fallout could be catastrophic.
This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English.
This helped reduce the routine cost of broken plates.
This helped them in nullifying the assault by IDF.
This house is everything you want it to be!
This is A grade, one hundred percent pure Colombian cocaine, Ladies and Gentlemen
This is Colorado after all, and we love being outdoors.
This is a destination dish if there ever was one.
This is a fine trip, too, on a good day.
This is a man of sound judgment and wisdom.
This is a matter of respect for the Presidency.
This is a serious-minded interpretation, but it is never strait-laced.
This is a story about how you're totally in love with her
This is a turning point summer for you.
This is a very small town, people here have very straight views on sex
This is actually an extremely effective parasite, he said.
This is also my second year with Wingspan.
This is an exciting young actor to watch.
This is an important decision for Juan De la Cruz.
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars.
This is an opportune time in their lives, she said.
This is an opportunity not to be missed!
This is bad, something might have happened
This is because they are at home in the Caucasus.
This is clearly the shoulder joint of a robot.
This is fascinating and you just want to run away
This is full evidence of your support for my principles.
This is good news for producers and traders.
This is his second failed run at state office.
This is maybe worse than you and I are used to
This is my biggest insecurity, but also my biggest asset.
This is my mom and dad all over again
This is no joke During your surveillance have you seen any outside agitators?
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
This is not a long, or powerful transit.
This is not the "feminist" or "angry girl" edition.
This is not the time or the place to have this same old discussion
This is not the way people who care for each other are supposed to behave
This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out.
This is one of those things you have to do before you turn 30
This is only the beginning folks so stay tuned.
This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here.
This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again
This is something unusual but not surprising, considering circumstances.
This is the atomic sun, the atomic nucleus.
This is the best day of my life.
This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week
This is the first step to eventually doing something.
This is the first time I am travellling internationally on my own
This is the first time anybody ever cried when I left
This is the kind of confidence they should be given.
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies.
This is totally unreasonable and absolutely will not happen.
This is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock.
This is very encouraging for the Bay Area.
This is what is missed by the MSM.
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition.
This is what you do: Go to the house to see her
This is where I walk and sit the most here.
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier.
This just happens to be a very big cliffhanger.
This kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course.
This kind of thing must happen to him all the time
This land was blessed because of people of genuine faith.
This leads to a very special sense of urgency.
This library is filled with the world's great books
This man had been here for seventy-five years.
This man's isolation is not merely momentary, it is permanent.
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives.
This may feel a bit awkward
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like.
This meant that women spent a lot of time indoors.
This moment is fleeting because it's being chased by another moment
This needs to intensify in the time ahead.
This new position, however, gave the ropers a better chance.
This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry.
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes.
This part of the equation would then become 4.
This part of town, they'll make us for heat the second we walk in
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal.
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking.
This place is still too cold for me, I want to change the room's temperature
This place needs room cleaning
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself.
This program focuses on finding mentors for students.
This property has a gas certificate and an electrical certificate.
This question runs deep through every demographic across the country.
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself.
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be.
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem.
This result is preliminary, and work is continuing.
This resulted in a great number of errors.
This room feels humid, please turn on the AC
This room is too bright, dim all the lights
This room isn't warm enough, please increase the temperature
This room needs to be slightly colder
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read.
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals.
This solution is a work in progress, says Hill.
This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric.
This state of unawareness may not last much longer.
This store was only aimed at young people.
This story is beyond belief, which is perfect for us
This story is produced and presented by our sponsor.
This summer was a hot one for commodities trading.
This sundae looks so good, I could eat the whole thing
This tactic was first adopted in Scripture by Lucifer.
This test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire.
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning.
This thing I'm on right now has something to do with underground pornography
This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead.
This time a bomb at an abortion clinic.
This time more of them hurdled the barrier.
This time no wire came whipping into the truck.
This time with a well dressed man with an alligator briefcase
This time, he did not need to persuade Luciano.
This time, however, the problem isn't cod, it's northern shrimp.
This tool can also be made with a lathe.
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles.
This was an op-ed not a journalistic report.
This was equivalent to 240 mg on a 24-hr.
This was finally supposed to be my big moment with her, but then reality came along
This was genocide as spelled out in the Genocide Convention.
This was long after Morse had left the house.
This was seen by millions of people on television.
This was taken off billboards in Arab countries.
This was the bitter end, and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure.
This was the message found tacked to the cabin door.
This was the worst thing I could have said.
This was their one chance to get to the top.
This wasn't how I'd thought the night would turn out
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate.
This week, I want to focus on walking and running.
This weekend might be the beginning of something bigger.
This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful.
This went on for a good 15 years.
This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt willies
This whole thing's made me realize I miss being single
This wildly generous investment in the area is nothing new.
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall.
This will prevent flat falls and toe injuries.
This will probably be the last change to occur.
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess.
This would never have happened to a white person.
This would put downward pressure on interest rates.
This would represent a real dollar cut of about 6%.
This year Northeast Connecticut Dental Associates was a Tent Sponsor.
This year the choir's travel was a bit different.
This year the program emphasized "Boundaries" and "Telling Someone."
This year we're taking on two families to help.
This year, over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction.
This year, we'd like to try something a little different.
This year, we've got some great options for you.
This, however, does not seem to slow him down.
This, you will remember, was still New Year's Day.
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951.
Thomas then scored on a single by Courtney Burns.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves.
Thomson says that she cannot see Enterprise Resource Planning disappearing.
Those big, romantic moments, they're great when they happen, but they're not real
Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night
Those five shots got you farther with her than your brain ever did
Those flowers have been taken up, and put back again
Those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process.
Those men know you have it just as surely as we do
Those men won't be very far away, no matter where you go
Those men, lying in the huts, they did not know.
Those nominated were given a chance to speak.
Those sentences are to run concurrently with the felony charges.
Those shots your associates got off may not have done him too much good
Those two US retailers have not yet been named.
Those were gross neglect of duty and abuse of power.
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered.
Thought I'd bake it out in the sun.
Three additional people were there 5-8 minutes later.
Three agreed, but four declined and were suspended.
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings.
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases.
Three thousand dollar pearls for eight hundred dollars.
Three well-known brands appear in the top three positions.
Thus, the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful.
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state.
Tibet is too vast, the terrain is too difficult.
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France.
Time Voyaging with "Alice Through the Looking Glass"
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom's allegations.
Time like this, is that what you really want to know?
Time something for me please
Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel.
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness.
To an extent, the two even look alike.
To answer that question, we focus the lens upon Israel.
To be honest, not everything to follow would be perfect either
To be passive, to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd.
To begin with, what is an interior designer?
To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible.
To do so, she has to help their parents.
To do that he gave him five sacred stones that had magical powers
To duplicate its network would be a daunting undertaking.
To further increase back flexibility, work on the back circle.
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
To get him to trust us, to get him to go on television
To go outside the few cities required permits.
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts.
To have a good time with you until you have to go
To have refused would have been political suicide.
To him they were one and the same.
To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand.
To his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
To innocence, a word given is a word that will be kept.
To isolate it further could have two important consequences.
To listen to the views of the voters.
To me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life.
To me, it is more about attitude than anything else.
To me, it wasn't honest, and I want honesty.
To my way of thinking, he was scared sick.
To one and all -- Good Days ahead!
To quote that SNL skit, what's up with that?
To register for this information session, email Thomas.
To release him from the carcel, it causes me much inconvenience
To rise so high, in so short a time, is a dangerous occupation
To see it that way takes a simple faith.
To see you again, thanks for helping me yesterday
To step up the denomination's program, the Rev.
To stop bleeding, cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds.
To swim is true, and to sink is true.
To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.
To the ancestral lore, however, new materials were added.
To them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale.
To these people, Oprah was one of them.
To those people I say, 'Is it?' and usually, they say, 'Yes, it is.'
To throw in a new energy, it changes the dynamic.
To us, your form of life is ugly as we appear to you
To want to change is the third step.
To win big, sometimes you have to take big risks.
Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army.
Today her voice will not interrupt her thoughts.
Today it is occupied by the French Embassy.
Today kids aren't as overly active as they once were.
Today's campers want comforts, and they have them.
Today's offices are left for old fashioned 9-5 workers.
Together in action the machines made an amazing sight.
Tom Peters is a hard man to describe.
Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down.
Tom slid open the door to the lobby.
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested.
Tomas, she called him -- as the Mexican hands did.
Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward.
Tonight, we will make a memory that will never be tarnished
Too bad your number is in the directory.
Too many homicides are committed by people for ridiculous reasons.
Too often, unless he hails them, they pass him by.
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention.
Totaling 3,400, sales jumped 14 percent over February's 3,000.
Touching our souls means wrestling with what makes us uncomfortable.
Tough times don't last, but tough people do, he said.
Tourism does not only benefit the individual operators.
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw.
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare.
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
Trading activity cooled off from Monday's sizzling pace.
Traditional news Today's technology Rosalie Oxford, Illinois, is the winner!
Traditionally CSIRO gets royalties and licensing fees for its work.
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing.
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions.
Transition is a reference to the company's five-year restructuring effort.
Tribes who were fighting each other are now joining forces against us!
Trouble is, none of his story was true.
Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me
True, ideas are important, perhaps life's most precious treasures.
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative, right-wing lines.
Truly a garden that must be seen to be believed!
Trump could push some things without congressional approval.
Trump just seems unable to not say them.
Trump said he would appoint judges who would overturn it.
Trump, and horror like this, is entirely their doing.
Trust me Huey, this picture will be worth a thousand words
Trust us, this dressing will make your grandmother proud.
Try Carlson's Liquid Fish Oil with Lemon flavor.
Try obeying the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you
Try standin' in the door and hollerin: Mama I'm home
Tulane is back at home Tuesday night taking on UNO.
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet.
Turn air conditioner off for the room
Turn air conditioner on for the room
Turn air conditioner up
Turn chops over and spread with the remaining sauce.
Turn down air conditioner
Turn down air conditioner by one degree
Turn down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn down room heating
Turn down room heating by one degree
Turn down room temperature
Turn down room temperature by one degree
Turn down temperature of the room by two degrees
Turn down the air conditioning of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating
Turn down the heating of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating temperature
Turn down the lights, please
Turn down the thermostat as far as it can go, please
Turn heating off for the room
Turn heating temperature higher
Turn heating temperature lower
Turn heating temperature up
Turn heating up
Turn it off
Turn off alarm
Turn off heating now
Turn off room heating
Turn off screen with room status
Turn off screen with status of the room
Turn off the air conditioner
Turn off the alarm page
Turn off the concierge app
Turn off the heating
Turn off the help page
Turn off the list of amenities
Turn off the room status
Turn off the screen with the room status
Turn off the status of the room
Turn off the timer
Turn off timer app
Turn on all the central lights so that I can see better
Turn on an alarm for Wednesday 8 AM
Turn on an alarm for me for Wednesday 8 o'clock in the morning
Turn on heating now
Turn on room heating
Turn on the air conditioner
Turn on the heating
Turn room temperature higher
Turn room temperature lower
Turn room temperature up
Turn the heating down
Turn the heating temperature down
Turn up air conditioner
Turn up air conditioner by one degree
Turn up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn up room heating
Turn up room heating by one degree
Turn up room temperature
Turn up room temperature by one degree
Turn up the air conditioner
Turn up the air conditioner now
Turn up the heating
Turn up the heating now
Turn up the heating temperature now
Turn up the room temperature
Turn up the room temperature now
Turnover rates of personnel went up, production dropped, and morale was visibly reduced.
Turns out all I had to do was make it rain
Twelfth one
Twenty bedsheets to my room
Twenty-five years ago, before I was Dad, I had this whole other life
Twenty-four percent said they would select a local TV website.
Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days.
Two Towers is far superior, far more challenging.
Two companies and she had yet to graduate.
Two companies now had headquarters with Clark J.
Two days a week, Tuesdays and Thursdays, I go to college
Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money
Two men can often do the installation in a day.
Two men were on duty inside, playing pinochle, relaxed.
Two minutes ago you told me I wasn't good enough for your daughter
Two more executives have resigned from wheat exporter air way bill.
Two of our men were killed, a third was wounded.
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot.
Two of those shots would prove to be fatal.
Two other runners failed to finish the race.
Two poets are paired on each record, in the order given above.
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood.
Two public meetings have been held to elicit opinions.
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter.
Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display.
Two single guys doing our usual single guy thing
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind.
Two strip lights and 4 x 13 amp power points.
Two teen athletes beloved by friends, family and teammates.
Two thieves are crucified with Christ, one saved and the other damned.
Two to one he dusts the keyboard for fingerprints the second he gets back
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts.
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart.
Two years of probation and restitution were also ordered.
USA finished the tournament with a 7-1 record.
UVA Basketball Escape Route is what this road will be.
Uh, frankly, I spilled my guts about the treasure
Uncle Tom still refers to it as the pineapple incident
Under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts.
Undergrad students were not eligible to apply for the building.
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray.
Unfortunately she kept her illness from me until all I could do was mourn her
Unfortunately, it has negative effect on the quality of play.
Unfortunately, most government officials are declining to sign a waiver.
Unfortunately, the other members of the team didn't like it.
Unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good.
Unique circumstances would test us all, he decided.
Unless it's the end of the night, and then you get on anything
Unless, of course, one is allergic to that scent.
Unlike Wilson, who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism.
Unlike the first group, Finch and Bruce liked using oxygen.
Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you
Unlucky for you, there was no Victoria at my wedding
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home.
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.
Unsure of intellectual property rights, Svarny-Livingston's documentation remains unpublished.
Until both of them calm down I'm not getting involved
Until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things.
Until you are returned to Spain where you will be judged
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly.
Upgrading measures can still save you and the country.
Upstairs, busy feet, showering like raindrops, pattered around her room.
Upstairs, the bride's room has launched uncounted weddings.
Use a sinker just heavy enough to hold the bottom.
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week.
Use caution when bathing infants and young children.
Use common sense everywhere you go, she said.
Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe?
Usually reserved, Gleason became animated around her friends, Butters said.
Usually, our outside game is just as strong.
Usually, they titter loudly after they have passed by.
Vancouver compares badly with many places he's been.
Vastly relieved, Summers nodded and started toward the door.
Venture capital doesn't often find its way into agriculture.
Very carefully, he got them out and put them on.
Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos.
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers.
Very vigorous ones can be hard to control.
View the concierge screen
Viewer scores will count for half the final result.
Violence always made him tired, but he was not frightened.
Virtual desktop environments could offer substantial support cost savings.
Visually, these approximated what he was feeling within himself.
Volunteers can sign up for opportunities through this calendar.
Vote early and often for your favorite player.
Vote for those who put the environment first.
Voters are allowed one text-message vote per week.
Wait a minute, you think those three men killed Charles, don't you?
Wait here, I should go taIk to the band
Wait here, we'll let you know if we need you
Wait up there for me, I wont be long.
Wait, we have to go in here for a second
Wake me up at 9PM tonight
Want to know more about adult coloring books?
Want to know the check-in time for the hotel
Want to travel to the Bay for a Bite?
Wants to get to her booze, I guess.
Wants you to clear your stuff out of his office in Town Hall
Wars and famine are not created by overpopulation.
Wars will always force large numbers of people to flee.
Was Benetton not just a family, but the Family?
Was it just a toy for a rich man?
Was that how you intended this story to be received?
Was that what had given way in me?
Was there any need for childish name calling?
Was there personal gain for any of them?
Washed, they came out surprisingly clear and bright.
Watch closely while browning them, as it doesn't take long.
Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight.
Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet.
Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped, panting heavily.
Way Off Broadway has chosen Oklahoma for its fall production.
We agreed to be friends, and now you're making it all confusing
We all know what is going to happen.
We all know when it is going to happen.
We all would miss the mark in preservation.
We already have courses covering those problems, and so on.
We already have the only one of its kind.
We also need to start saving the town's money.
We always had field hockey nationals in the spring
We always strive to be the best that we can.
We always thought we would die with our boots on.
We and our friends are, of course, concerned with self-defense.
We are a modest, one income family with 2 kids.
We are adding two officers because of these efforts.
We are all involved in them, deeply involved.
We are also adding a new advert system.
We are always the ones to lead the trend.
We are certainly hoping to continue our work.
We are encouraging employers to take a pro-active approach.
We are going to be rushed and murdered.
We are going to keep running the race.
We are going to see more consolidation definitely.
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
We are not asking to be an insular people.
We are officially finding ways to do corruption.
We are soldiers and our only duty is to win
We aren't sure what the future plans are.
We averaged 4-6 hours of sleep per night.
We began by declaring that all men are created equal.
We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments.
We believe that the purpose of science is to serve mankind
We came on as soon as we could.
We can die, too, we can die like real people.
We can get rejected by supermodels any night of the year
We can just wait until you get back
We can reverse this trend starting right now.
We can see that with a hypothetical example.
We cannot, of course, assign it any substance.
We come here for the latest in news and entertainment!
We committed to eliminate all forms of discrimination against women.
We could go down and get our blood tests tomorrow
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow.
We did not accept the diagnosis at once, but gradually we are coming to.
We did turn up some interesting stuff on this character you mentioned
We didn't abandon you, Pete, we just thought you was a toad
We didn't pace it out so we could come back and get it
We didn't realize it till after we bought them
We didn't really get a chance to meet
We didn't want to announce anything till we knew for sure
We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests
We do it because it matters for the kids.
We do one for good faith and then we talk about airplanes
We don't all eat bananas with our feet, ya know
We don't even know if they can play our song
We don't have enough people to get them in the air
We don't have the funding or the time-frame.
We don't have to put ourselves through this again, Dick
We don't need your help we're doing great on our own
We don't none of us want no trouble.
We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again.
We don't want to mess things up for Lily
We enter a refreshing balance and equilibrium in life.
We environmentalists "got something back in return," he said.
We feel our depth is a strength here, said Hunt.
We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didn't crash.
We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood
We get out of this alive, maybe I'll take that miracle cure of yours
We go after him and he escapes again.
We got better as the meet went on.
We got into bed with each other in the room
We got to get moving: I got to get up there
We got to one house where there were five secessionists.
We got you fixed when you were a puppy!
We have a lot of science knowledge in this country.
We have a tightly scheduled evening of awesomeness ahead of us
We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty
We have an hour-and-a-half before midnight, and I don't wanna be kissing him
We have both, endless beaches and incredible infrastructure.
We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people.
We have forty eight hours, the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions
We have never wished to cause upset to local people.
We have never worked a gig together but I am a firm believer in preparation
We have no such problem, of course, with documentaries.
We have nothing to lose by making her an offer
We have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own.
We have similar views on the balance of power
We have to be here for the big moments
We have to imagine the impossible and expect the unexpected.
We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!
We have to solve the problem of poverty.
We have velocity change drills we work on every day.
We haven't had anything to eat all day.
We hope to match that this year, said Karl Townsend.
We just chitchatted, and I borrowed her lipstick
We just earned a huge chunk of story
We just got released and we're heading back on the next flight
We just keep them here and keep them quiet for forty-five minutes
We just stuck with it and stayed positive.
We just think the more brewers the better, Cohen says.
We keep getting the same ones back again and again.
We know our land more than the European, he said.
We know young taste, and young people who practice sports.
We like to run a nice quiet place.
We lose a lot of them when they become dehydrated.
We love all of our children equally! agrees Charles.
We made sure she knew we were there for her.
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices
We make three finger lids and sell them on the beach
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this.
We met, came to terms, and the research began.
We might as well be hauling suitcases across the border
We might just as well have been shaking hands
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice.
We must change hiding places, and change them continually
We must follow the law of the land.
We must have gone a hundred miles an hour
We must maintain a working government in a time of crisis
We named it the East Arkansas Chapter of Ducks Unlimited.
We need a large taxi that can carry five passengers
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff.
We need someone with the right kind of experience, Lonnie
We need something that everyone can get behind
We need to cut down on our intake of sugar, as too much sugar is not good for our bodies
We need to invest in some markets for the future.
We need to take a hard look at Turn-out.
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
We now have certain squares with three corners on C.
We only just started being friends again
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass!
We practically paying him for the privilege of playing his club
We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that
We realize how dedicated you've been in helping others succeed.
We really stuck the knife in her, didn't we, Bert?
We really try to get the word out.
We said we'd always be there for the big moments
We sat for a while drinking in silence.
We saved money and prepared for unforeseen circumstances.
We should call him and pretend to be the redhead
We should have talked to them a long time ago
We shouldn't be defensive about this, he said.
We shove off as soon as Griff reports all the crew aboard
We sold only four pickers all last year.
We still gotta run the drill before we walk in that lobby
We still had to put it to the test.
We survived and grew successful because of our brains.
We turn away from Him and go our own way.
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away.
We want him back there or we want him dead.
We want to get Rachel out of there in one piece
We want to learn about some good local eateries that are close to the hotel
We went once more over every point, then triple-checked.
We went to every goddamn place Del mentioned and no Betty
We were gonna take E, have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert
We were in a field, in a tight, screeching turn.
We were off the road, gleaming barbed wire pulling taut.
We weren't that good but we were entertaining.
We will examine you and the others, discover desirable features to incorporate in our 'earth colonizers.'
We will have to make them come to us
We will see who gives in first, I will leave my door open
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries.
We would like some more room amenities
We would like to see a Korean B-boy dance performance
We'd be just getting there now, all tired and cranky
We'd like to talk to you about something.
We'll be by to pick him up in ten minutes
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off
We'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast.
We'll get it in a hurry and get it out.
We'll get that face of yours cleared up in no time
We'll go on loving that beach, she said.
We'll have them check the registry for anyone named Victoria
We'll just go in for one minute it'll be a riot
We'll never get out of here alive if you don't
We'll never have to see any of these creepy faces ever again
We'll pay for the girls and have a good time. Don't you trust me?
We'll see what happens in the next few years.
We'll shut the mother down right at the capitol, in front of the cameras
We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it.
We'll work at night and in our spare time.
We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes
We're all lined up at the mall, waiting for the grand open
We're all so happy to see these kids.
We're creating a model we hope is sustainable.
We're finding it increasingly around the country, he said.
We're going back to nature, you and I. I'm going to retrain you
We're going to come at you with mass force.
We're going to keep this whole thing nice and quiet
We're going to use the trip to get to know each other better
We're gonna figure it out, we're gonna bring a goddamn end to it
We're in this together and I need to know who my partners are
We're just getting them to come out for forty-five minutes
We're just little tiny soldiers getting moved around on a desk
We're not even two hundred strong yet but we got it guessing thousands
We're not supposed to enjoy anything about it.
We're ready, his mom Crystal told me two weeks ago.
We're ten minutes away and moving as fast as we can
We're trying to communicate with them on all frequencies but we're getting nowhere
We're two of the most frightening people I've ever known
We're unfortunately already seeing what the alternative has to offer.
We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery.
We've asked ourselves that over and over a thousand times
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry.
We've been starving and I don't like to starve.
We've been through too much together, Buddy. We belong together
We've been up here for the past hour making complete asses of ourselves
We've been working on it now for about nine months.
We've found it at every event site we've been to lately
We've got a few bottles left and we've yet to tap the kegs
We've got some pretty good dancing daddies in Nash County!
We've got to get to Amanda before it's too late
We've got to make sure that Cody's ready to go.
We've got to try and burn out the venom, just like a rattlesnake bite
We've had proof for years we believe, he said.
We've no proof, of course, but we rather think so, yes
Wearing a uniform doesn't bestow an automatic monopoly on courage, Commander!
Wedding vows need to be real commitments, like our vows
Well I ain't had it easy either, boys
Well I had to go to home but now I'm here and I'll be right back
Well I was absolutely enraptured, Mr Young said.
Well if anyone's gonna protect Malcolm's legacy it better be us
Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?
Well that's fine, but I only have one thing
Well the decision wasn't taken lightly, he said.
Well there is a lot of offensive speech out there.
Well, Florida it's your chance to right this wrong.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you
Well, I appreciate your offer, but we got things pretty well under control
Well, I can't say I think very much of a silly law like that
Well, I didn't see him anymore, I'll tell you that much
Well, I feel I owe you something for all this
Well, I got a seat, but I have no place to put it
Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates
Well, I just wanted to say they're gorgeous and he's gonna love them
Well, I realized that she wasn't interested in me
Well, I say you'll never learn how to make a good pudding
Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time
Well, I thought marriage was about two equal partners sharing a life together
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you
Well, I'm better friends with him than you are
Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic
Well, I've just been able to get off that Norway coast so far
Well, Jeffrey, you found something which is very interesting to us
Well, Wendell, with all due respect, that don't make a whole lot of sense
Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you
Well, as I remember it, we had an argument
Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moon
Well, at least we both have someone to kiss at midnight
Well, boys, looks like it's just the three of us
Well, daughter of the slums - how did you get out of the ghetto?
Well, except for the goat in my bathroom
Well, have you seen enough, or would you like a photograph?
Well, he who finds the Grail must face the final challenge
Well, her grandparents are down in Oklahoma, but that's it
Well, if I'm going to die, I might as well do it for my country
Well, if I'm in, I should get the next round
Well, if he needs a transplant, he can have mine
Well, if it's not yes then it's a no
Well, if she doesn't want to come, I'll come down alone
Well, if the pay's right and it's legal I'll do it
Well, it was a place, a street corner, I think
Well, it'll go great with my I just love it
Well, it's not up to you to decide whether she's innocent or not
Well, it's silly, but if you want to, why don't you?
Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff
Well, let's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us
Well, let's just call it a compliment and move on
Well, look, let's just have a few drinks
Well, maybe in a week when she gets back from Orlando
Well, she got out of here somehow because she's not here
Well, she wanted me to buy enough groceries for the whole week
Well, she's leaving tomorrow and this may be the only moment I'm gonna get
Well, the bad news is we only made 25 bucks each
Well, the crew is confined to the ship when we land at Clavius
Well, then we're going to take that power away from those bastards
Well, then, did you ever get any indication that she wanted to leave her husband?
Well, those swords have been up there a long time
Well, time to buck up and see what she found.
Well, to get back to the problem of retirement.
Well, we need to know what it is we're callin' for here
Well, we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that
Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
Well, whatever there is, whoever's dealing, however it's done, I want to know
Well, who was it that taught me how to do that?
Well, you could make this table a little less wide
Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently
Well, you got to admit we come a long way
Well, you shoulda because nobody's going to believe you didn't including me
Well, you're not getting your play done, but you're certainly covering a lot of territory
Wells Fargo's return on equity increased to 24.4% from 23.8%.
Were there any changes in your diet or your weight lately?
Were there menu changes at the expansive brewpub?
What I did know was that Precious was always around.
What I have to say may sound a little unusual
What I should do is just tell him who Victoria is, so he can be happy
What I've seen in life, it takes a lot to hold my interest
What U.S. state's motto is 'Live free or Die'?
What a long strange trip its been indeed!
What a lovely morning she said dreamily, "what a perfect morning."
What about the guy you set her up with?
What address can I give for my takeout order delivery?
What amenities are available in this hotel?
What amenities are available?
What amenities could I use?
What an enchanting picture you paint of our future together
What are some of the features of this particular room?
What are some of the things I can do through the home display?
What are some things I can be doing at this hotel?
What are some things I should be aware of regarding my stay at this hotel?
What are some things I should know about this hotel?
What are the different lights I can control through the screen?
What are the digits to call the front desk?
What are the dimensions of this hotel room?
What are the most popular Korean foods and where can I eat them?
What are the most recent updates on hotel facilities?
What are the possible side effects of this medicine?
What are the steps to reserve a conference room at this hotel?
What are the things we must do if we are going to Bukchon?
What are the wifi details for the room? 
What are we to understand by the term, "critical politics"?
What are you doing here in the middle of the night
What are you going to be when you grow up?
What are you going to do now that you're home?
What are you going to do, tell me how to write a play
What are you planning to do when they got here?
What are your policies on service animals inside the hotel?
What attractions can we visit when we go to Cheonggyechon today?
What better way to keep customers loyal to your company?
What can I do at the 63 Building besides eating?
What can I eat at this hotel right now?
What can I have for room service?
What can I order for room service?
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior?
What can we do with the general T?
What can you tell me about child care services at this hotel?
What can you tell me about the hotel facilities that are available in this hotel?
What can you tell us about it in regard to your artistic intent?
What can you understand, I want to know, of the law?
What celebrities could you see wearing your pieces?
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle.
What cutting-edge facilities does the hotel offer?
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon?
What day is the best day to visit Insa-dong and Gwanghwamun?
What desserts can I eat if I am lactose intolerant and allergic to soy?
What details do you have about check in time?
What details do you have about check-in time?
What details do you have about the check-in?
What details do you have about the check-out?
What details do you have on hotel check-in
What details do you have on hotel check-out
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903?
What did I care if some hump wants to beat off to that
What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something?
What did that translate to, in practical terms?
What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up?
What did you guys taIk about in there, anything interesting?
What do I have to do to get a straight answer around here
What do I need to know before checking in to the hotel?
What do I tell a source on the next tough story?
What do locals eat when it gets very humid and hot?
What do the pretty college girls like on their plates?
What do the punters think of the Budget?
What do you do - you and your tongue-tied friend?
What do you expect a man to do when he's called such names?
What do you expect to get tonight, anyway?
What do you say to flying out and giving me a hand?
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers?
What do you want me to do, just step out in the alley?
What do your instincts tell you to do now, kid?
What documents should I bring in order to check-in?
What does it take to keep Arkansan beautiful?
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
What does the room status look like at the moment?
What does this guy have to say that threatens these people?
What does your current cooperation in this area entail?
What else do you know about her?
What evidence is there that he was psychically blind?
What exactly do people do when they go to jjimjilbangs?
What facilities does the hotel have?
What fees should I be aware of before checking out?
What floor do I check-in at? 
What floor is the front desk located for check-in? 
What follows is my take on the trip.
What form of ID do you accept for check-in?
What form of payment is acceptable during check in?
What good does that do, it's the old will?
What happened on 9/11 is one of them.
What happens if I forgot to bring my ID to check-in?
What happens if the name on the reservation doesn???match my ID?
What happens if you suddenly run out of things?
What happens when her favorite team loses a game?
What has this to do with the present?
What have I done? asks the ruler, at a loss.
What have we to show by way of counter-successes?
What hotel facilities are available during the evening?
What hotel facilities are available if I want to pamper myself today?
What hotel services are offered to me when I stay at this hotel?
What if I can't do any of those things?
What if I want to extend my stay for another few nights?
What if in the future the three of us do something grand for humanity?
What if my name doesn't match the name of the reservation? 
What if the Tiger Shark were to anticipate a bit?
What if you do throw something to the people they really want?
What information can I have about check-in?
What information can I have about check-out?
What information can you give me about checking-in into this hotel?
What information can you give me about the check out?
What information can you give me about the check-in?
What information can you give me about the check-out?
What information can you give me to prove that this hotel is amazing?
What information can you provide me regarding check-in?
What information do you have about hotel check-in?
What information do you have about hotel check-out?
What information is available on the home screen?
What information is available on the main screen?
What is FITNESS' best fat losing program I can do?
What is available to eat right now?
What is he doing here at this hour?
What is included in room service?
What is it you call him, the Cinderella Man?
What is room temperature right now?
What is the AC's lowest temperature setting?
What is the WiFi password for my room's internet service?
What is the age range for a chlid's ticket to Children's Grand Park?
What is the best room temperature for sleeping?
What is the best route to get from Sinchon to Samgakji?
What is the check-in time?
What is the currency rate for Canadian dollars to Korean won?
What is the current condition of this room?
What is the current room temperature
What is the current room temperature?
What is the difference between Sky Park and Haneul Park?
What is the earliest time I can check-in to the hotel? 
What is the effect of all these plastic cluster
What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate?
What is the elevation of St. Louis, MO?
What is the fastest way to check-in to the hotel? 
What is the front number?
What is the latest check-out?
What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill?
What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility?
What is the minimum age requirement to check into the hotel?
What is the most common gift that tourists take back?
What is the name of William Penn's ship?
What is the name of the chef that heads the cooking at Exquisine?
What is the name of the fastest WiFi network for room 404?
What is the normal check-in time? 
What is the number for the front desk?
What is the number to dial out for calls on the hotel phone?
What is the password for the room wifi?
What is the probable course of future developments?
What is the region where there are a lot of plastic surgery clinics?
What is the right temperature for the AC during the summer?
What is the street address of the White House?
What is the time for check-out?
What is the weather for today?
What is the weather forecast for Monday?
What is the weather generally like here near the end of August?
What is the wifi password for the room?
What is the wifi password?
What is the wifi speed for this room?
What is there about us that makes us so anxious?
What is there to eat?
What is this shit you're talking all of a sudden?
What is today's weather?
What is your least conservative estimate of spending money per day per person?
What kind of a chump do you think I am?
What kind of amenities can I find here?
What kind of facilities are available for me in the hotel?
What kind of information can I find on the main screen?
What kind of perks do you think local politicians get?
What kind of stuff do you guys do together?
What kinds of amenities does this hotel have?
What kinds of crafts can we participate in at the Korea Cultural House?
What kinds of shows are being shown at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts?
What kinds of shows do they show at Nonverbal Performance Venues?
What kinds of the facilities does the hotel have?
What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me.
What little I had is long gone and they's bill aplenty to pay yet
What local affiliations does this hotel have that we might enjoy?
What makes it so damn sad is that you couldn't confide in any of us
What makes this hotel unique, please give me some information
What mode of payments do you accept during check in?
What new features do they want you to add?
What non-alcoholic beverages can I order?
What number do I dial for room service?
What online tools are available for checking out?
What other fees will the hotel charge during checkout?
What other forms of identification does the hotel allow for check in?
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets?
What planet is known as the 'red' planet?
What primary colors do you mix to make orange?
What problems do they want you to fix?
What prompted you to get involved in climatology?
What roads should I take if I want to go from Samgakji to the Mokdong area?
What room temperature is the room right now?
What services does the hotel offer?
What services does this hotel have?
What shall we gain by fighting one another?
What should I do about it, I asked myself?
What should I say when I arrive at the front desk to check out?
What temperature should I set my AC?
What the hell do you think baseball is?
What the hell else do you want from a guy?
What the hell kind of a nurse are you, anyway?
What the hell was he up to now?
What then, are the factors that contribute to these phenomena?
What they are after is the beatific vision.
What time am I allowed to check-in?
What time can I check-in for my reservation
What time can I check-in?
What time can I check-out?
What time do I have to check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check-in for today
What time is check-in?
What time is check-out for my hotel reservation
What time is check-out for today
What time is check-out?
What time is the check-in for the hotel reservation
What time is the check-in? 
What time is the check-out for the hotel reservation
What time is the latest check-out?
What time will I be able to check-in?
What time will I be able to check-out?
What tools can I use to cut my nails?
What transferable skills can you bring to another job?
What type of information can I find from the home menu
What type of information can you share about this hotel?
What type of room am I staying in?
What types of amenities does the hotel offer?
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
What was the name of that olive oil company?
What was will be, what is will be no more
What we don't know is what you guys have been smoking
What we don't need is more condos and overpriced apartments.
What will I say when she comes to the door?
What will the main menu show me?
What will the weather be like on Monday?
What will you do when the well runs dry.
What would a Mitt Romney presidency mean for veterans?
What would she do that made it hard to resist?
What would you have done if I hadn't responded to your call?
What would you suggest if I wanted to do something relaxing?
What would you think if somebody told you a story like this?
What would you think if we went there to live for a while?
What would you think, in the middle of the night?
What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves?
What you do is as important as anything government does
What you don't understand is, I don't give a damn about how this thing looks
What you don't want to imagine is the things I've done
What you say and opine will be acceptable to others.
What you think is: how will I be regarded in the end?
What you want is to offer him the wooden chair
What'd you have in mind when you stoled it in the first place?
What's available for room service?
What's faster? Checking out at the front desk, or online?
What's good enough for mom is good enough for me?
What's important for me is that you let me risk my life for nothing
What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood?
What's it doing here in the middle of the foundation?
What's on the room service menu?
What's the absolute last minute in which I can check-out from this room?
What's the air conditioning status?
What's the best room temperature to sleep comfortably?
What's the check out policy?
What's the current temperature of the room?
What's the drinking age at your hotel?
What's the earliest time I can check-in?
What's the extension number for the front desk?
What's the fastest way to check-in to the hotel? 
What's the fastest wind speed for the AC?
What's the fee to check out late?
What's the latest time I can check out of the hotel?
What's the latest time I can order room service?
What's the most you've ever lost on a coin toss?
What's the number to call the front desk?
What's the password for this room?
What's the process for checking into the hotel?
What's the right temperature for the heater during the summer?
What's the room temperature now?
What's the room temperature?
What's the status for the room heating?
What's the status of the AC in this room?
What's the status of the room temperature?
What's the status on the air conditioner?
What's the temperature like at 8PM
What's the weather like at 3PM?
What's the wifi password for this room?
What's there to eat around here?
What's your hosting company's customer service experience like?
What, you don't think you'd need my help?
What? The dress I wore to my actual prom
Whatever we ask for, they bring it here.
Whatever you're not an action hero
Wheat, soy, rice and other minor crops are involved.
When I came on this job, I came with my word intact
When I come out, they recognize my smell, he said.
When I get enough money saved, I plan to go on to college
When I go off to college, that's the end for us
When I grow up I'm going to become a nurse or a veterinarian
When I read this, it better not make me look bad
When I saw the house, this field was under four feet of snow
When I tell you to walk, you walk.
When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard
When I was there with you, her diary, in your attic, in silverware
When Jack sees they've got Rachel HE'LL tell them what they want to know
When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen?
When a dealer's profits went down, GM didn't know why.
When a match is found, an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage.
When am I allowed to check-in for my room?
When am I allowed to check-in?
When am I allowed to check-out?
When are Seoul's peak tourist visiting months out of the entire year?
When can I check into the hotel?
When can I check-in for my reservation
When can I check-in to my hotel?
When can I check-in to the hotel?
When can I check-in?
When can I check-out from the hotel?
When can I check-out to my hotel?
When can I check-out to the hotel?
When can I check-out to this hotel?
When can I check-out?
When checking out, do I need to return my card key?
When could I check in?
When do I check-in?
When do I check-out?
When do I settle payment for my stay? 
When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented.
When is check-in for the hotel?
When is check-in?
When is check-out for hotel reservation
When is check-out for the hotel?
When is check-out for the reservation?
When is check-out?
When is the check in time for the hotel today?
When is the check in time?
When is the check-in time at the hotel today?
When is the check-out for the hotel reservation
When is the check-out time for the hotel today?
When is the check-out time?
When is the county gonna start payin' a rental on my horse
When is the last time you been in a classroom?
When is the latest check-out today?
When is the latest time I can check-out from this room
When it is needed, one formula is as important as another.
When may I check out to the hotel?
When may I check-in to the hotel?
When may I check-out to the hotel?
When people say come and visit, they meant it.
When should I check out?
When should I check-in?
When should I check-out?
When somebody sets me up like that I can't resist
When someone says "basil," what comes to mind?
When stories were sad, she sometimes started to cry.
When suitably lighted, what would it look like?
When that failed, he said, they wrote their letter.
When the neon sign faded out, the shadow disappeared.
When the rebellion first began, there were not even shades of opinion
When the stories were happy, she was clearly happy too.
When the work was finished, we would walk.
When there's something to move, it's too easy not to
When they got to Shillong, in Assam, he was happy.
When they know you've got something to protect, that's when they fuck you!
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal.
When they reached the South Col, they could hardly walk.
When they're finished, they move on to other projects.
When they're in trouble, it's always her who gets them out of it
When was the true golden age on the small screen?
When were you planning on informing the rest of us!
When will I get to check my bill?
When you get back, I'll try to make sense of it for you
When you get to twenty, I'm gonna sock you right on the nose
When you go to Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to watch the game
When you graduate, we want you working with us
When you jumped in the bay, you didn't know where you were
When you meet someone special, suddenly life is full of firsts
When you move down to my place, I'll show it to you
When you play for me, I pick up all the tabs
When you see me, call me and I'll walk you through the exchange
When you start with that attitude. it's like I don't know who you are
When you want something you have to do whatever it takes to get it
When you were gone last year where were you?
When you're less fatigued, things just naturally look brighter.
When's the last time either of you did something good?
When's the latest time I need to be checked out by?
Whence, then, comes the substance of the first man?
Whenever you're shooting people, shoot at eye level.
Where I do not know, but I know it's gonna be long
Where are the best happy hour drinking spots in this neighborhood?
Where are the most recommended places to eat at Rodeo Street?
Where are the most romantic places to go for couples?
Where are the nicest hiking trails that I can finish in half a day?
Where are today's intellectuals and what preoccupies their minds?
Where can I buy Pony Effect makeup in Myeongdong or Yongsan?
Where can I buy alcohol like soju near the hotel?
Where can I buy some books in Korean, especially Korean language learning books?
Where can I eat if I have both a nut and shellfish allergy?
Where can I exchange money when I am away from the hotel?
Where can I find Seoul's best patbingsu and green tea desserts?
Where can I find all the details for the checkout?
Where can I find clubs that are more exclusive than the ones at Hongdae?
Where can I find the check out info?
Where can I find the menu for room service?
Where can I get a custom hanbok made tailored for my size?
Where can I get delicious desserts like crepes and waffles?
Where can I get dishes like the ones I had at Gebang Sikdang?
Where can I get more information about the Korean skincare regimen?
Where can I get the money leftover on my transportation card?
Where can I go if I want to have a smoke?
Where can I go to meet the exact opposite of myself?
Where can I go to shop for Korean clothing brands?
Where can I pick out good gift sets for friends and family?
Where can I see all the information I need regarding this hotel?
Where can Kpop lovers go to buy merchandise and listen to music?
Where can we go to watch a movie near the hotel?
Where can we watch a show with traditional Korean music and instruments?
Where did he say he was going to meet you?
Where do I call to get room service?
Where do I call to report an accident or crime?
Where do I request room service?
Where do college students like to hang out during the night?
Where do we have to go to see Korea's oldest and most important artifacts?
Where do you get the best work done?
Where do you put these ghosts once you catch them?
Where do you think the voice you heard was coming from?
Where else can I meet smart women in Santa Fe?
Where exactly would we go after the movie?
Where had they actually been, when he saw them?
Where is a nice place to take someone out on a date?
Where is a very scenic place where weddings can be hosted?
Where is the best park in the neighborhood to take a walk in?
Where is the best place the buy a lot of Korean snacks?
Where is the closest pharmacy to the hotel where I can buy cold medicine?
Where is the closest supermarket I can go to from the hotel?
Where is the concierge located? I need to check-in soon 
Where is the nearest Shinsegae Department Store from the hotel?
Where is the service information?
Where she goes and what she does, before I got involved with doctors
Where should we go to buy from smaller, independent designer boutiques?
Where there are pipes, they construct sand walkovers.
Where there is a victim, there is a killer.
Where were you planning to stay during the two weeks that you're here?
Which Korean cosmetics company caters the most to dark-skinned people?
Which exit do we have to come out of at Gyeongbokgung to visit the Palace?
Which means you can't be more than five or ten minutes from here
Which means, you owe me, so there we were
Which one are you gonna tell him?
Which one of the popular Korean cosmetics brand uses the most natural ingredients?
Which one of us is elected to do the deed?
Which one of you can pass this test?
Which room darkening curtain is closed now?
Which stop do I get off at if I take the 500 to Myeongdong?
Which wifi can I use now?
Which, of course, makes for an enjoyable read.
While temperatures will remain cool in the day and night.
While unhealthy tissues will conduct pulses differently, producing different readings.
While you went off for a few beers with your friends?
While you're at it, You can give me the switchblade, too
Whistler makes the weapons, I use them, the vampires die, end of story
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own.
White's suggestion flattered, but he did not like the identity.
Who am I who am I gonna high five then?
Who are the victims of the device quacks?
Who can help me arrange tours for my trip?
Who can talk about trust in the absence of transparency?
Who do you think is going to be Prometheus?
Who do you think should be Hanna's Rodeo Queen?
Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up?
Who is the man to take His place?
Who made it, or under what circumstances it was made
Who needs logic or rethinking of the issues?
Who says houses need to have windows and doors?
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?
Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?
Who's the most sorry for everything they've done?
Who, then, is of sufficient stature to lodge with Lenin?
Whoever hits him'll be hit, if those men are any good
Whoever said there was life after politics was full
Why are so few of us doing something?
Why are students being punished for seeking an education?
Why are these climbers so interested in him?
Why are you not involved in private equity?
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N.?
Why can't you just lock the doors and go to bed?
Why couldn't you just tell him to let us in?
Why did we think we had to do it all so fast?
Why did you care that we were there of all places?
Why did you say she might be hiding from me?
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off?
Why didn't you call in for backup instead of making a grandstand play?
Why didn't you do what your friends wanted and just, get rid of me?
Why didn't you just take the money off Luther and split?
Why didn't you wait at the Burch house?
Why didn't your brother tell you that Nathan was having an affair?
Why do I always have to speak to you in Czech?
Why do I have to check out at the front desk?
Why do I have to take my shoes off at the inner Gyeongbokgung palace?
Why do girls like that always like guys like that?
Why do the taxis charge me more in the night than in the day?
Why do we need a two-lane paved road?
Why do we need bigger and better bombs?
Why do you have those suitcases and who are we picking up?
Why do you have to make things so complicated?
Why do you think I sent it home in the first place?
Why does everyone here but me have a gigantic stick up their ass?
Why does everyone here but me have have a gigantic stick up their ass?
Why does it allow casinos to advertise at ballparks?
Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?
Why don't we go with the first one on the list
Why don't we just make it tomorrow night?
Why don't we lower the temperature of the room by 5 degrees ?
Why don't you ask the new substitute weekend anchor?
Why don't you give me a jingle in the year 2000?
Why don't you hang on and I'll see if she's here
Why don't you just take it easy before this gets out of hand
Why don't you just try lying down and get some rest
Why don't you lock up and buy me a sub?
Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?
Why don't you step into the office and we'll talk about it
Why don't you take off, leave Springwood and cool out somewhere for a while?
Why don???you give him a call, and see whether he has some free time
Why don?셳 you give him a call, and see whether he has some free time
Why else would you toss a commodity like me out the window?
Why is that hard for him to grasp?
Why is the AC blasting? I want to turn it off
Why isn't my phone connecting to the wifi?
Why isn't my wifi working?
Why isn't the room cold right now? Please turn up the AC
Why isn't this room at room temperature? It's too cold
Why not, it'll confuse that gotta do something
Why she doesn't charge him, I don't know.
Why should I respect something which has outlived its purpose?
Why should Martha write down all the things she needs to buy?
Why should naming her be so suggestive and expressive?
Why would Jack Hewitt do that, shoot Twombley on purpose?
Why wouldn't I want to go out with you?
Why, for example, does he favor two tempos, rather than one, for the third movement?
Wildcat keeper Emily Thompson only had to make three saves.
Will I really be able to dig him a grave?
Will I settle the payment for my stay during the check out? 
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?
Will the front desk send me additional amenities if I call them?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using my computer?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using the phone?
Will the hotel make a copy of my ID during check in? 
Will the view be something you can live with?
Will you call me later to talk with him
Will you darken the room?
Will you decrease the temperature of the room by 10 degrees ?
Will you exit out of the main screen for now?
Will you forgive me for what I just said?
Will you help me check out of the hotel?
Will you make sure the room temperature stays below 63 degrees Fahrenheit?
Will you make this room colder?
Will you need my confirmation number during check in?
Will you please make the temperature of the room to 53 degrees Fahrenheit
Will you quit the home display since I'm done looking at it?
Will you reduce the temperature by 7 degrees ?
Will you turn off the lights near the bed?
Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
Williams, Duluth, Ga., is an insurance and financial-services holding company.
Williamson's Pro Hardware donated the first event prizes.
Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's.
Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged.
Winner will be picked at random and notified.
Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
Winston had been surprised at her for that.
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron.
Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too
With Maria and me, there's never any problem.
With Mickey Spillane, you get what you pay for.
With Mr. Brown???help, I can finish it in no time
With Mr. Brown?셲 help, I can finish it in no time
With a large spoon fold in the dry ingredients.
With a laugh she beat me to the bathroom.
With a little of the Bill of Rights thrown in
With all this unrest the building will be open day and night!
With difficulty, Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship, and they sailed from Iceland.
With his club foot he might well be grateful.
With most of his mind he was happy.
With names and addresses listed, verification came next.
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service.
With respect to this view, two points are worth making.
With that said, I appreciate the article and the comments.
With the group of boys it is different.
With their oxygen, they carried about 18 kilograms each.
With this excuse I have never been much impressed.
With this win, the Lions stay within LSC tournament range.
With you gone and I don't have the money, he can't touch me
Within a month, calls were up seventy per cent.
Without it she would have been drab and limp.
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely.
Women have become the sole support of their families.
Women like that have a way of turning professionals into amateurs
Wondered why you came on to me like that when you gave me the look
Work it out with her, tell her how you feel
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to.
Would it be too cold if I set the AC to 20  degrees Celsius?
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art?
Would you do me a favor and go to the truck?
Would you like to take a break for a minute?
Would you please get me concierge services?
Would you please give me a wakeup call at 10 AM?
You can close the amenities list
You can close the concierge screen
You can close the help page
You can close the screen with the status of the room
You can close the timer now
You can end the timer app
You can leave the help page now
You can put the timer away
You can shut down the alarm
You can shut down the alarm app
You can stop updating me on the status of the room now
hell, I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again
she didn't know what she was talking about
the ears were for her a warning to stay alive
they're giving me sort of my own hours for a while
