Access the concierge app
Adjust the time scheduled for the wake up call
Air conditioner needs to be higher
Air conditioner needs to be lower
Air conditioner needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be lowered by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned up by two degrees
Alert me when it is Tuesday 3 PM
Alert me when it's 8 o'clock
Arrange an alarm for 10 PM tomorrow night
Arrange an alarm for 6 PM this evening
Arrange an alarm for 8 AM
Arrange an alarm for 8:30 in the morning
Arrange an alarm for Tuesday and Thursday 7 o'clock PM
Arrange wakeup alarm for Tuesday 9:30 AM
Arrange wakeup call for tomorrow 9 AM
Ask for a wakeup call tomorrow at 8 AM
Ask for more amenities
Ask for more bathroom amenities
Ask the front desk for amenities
Assist me in getting a wake up call
Assist me with the check out
Assist with check out process
Bring down air conditioner
Bring down air conditioner by one degree
Bring down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring down room temperature
Bring down room temperature by one degree
Bring down the room temperature by one degree
Bring me to the main menu
Bring more amenities
Bring up air conditioner
Bring up air conditioner by one degree
Bring up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring up more amenities
Bring up room temperature
Bring up room temperature by one degree
Bring up the alarm
Bring up the alarm app
Bring up the alarm display
Bring up the alarm menu
Bring up the alarm window
Bring up the concierge app
Bring up the help page
Bring up the help screen
Bring up the help window
Bring up the hotel's amenities
Bring up the main menu, now
Bring up the timer
Bring up the timer app
Bring up the weather for this location
Bring up the weather for today
Bring up today's weather
Call me tomorrow at 7AM
Can I access the help page?
Can I bring down the temperature of the AC by 2 degrees ?
Can I change the wifi password? 
Can I check out a few hours later?
Can I check out a little later than 11 AM?
Can I check out late of my room this afternoon?
Can I check out now?
Can I check out of my room?
Can I check out of the hotel at any time?
Can I check-in before noon? 
Can I check-in early? 
Can I get a timer set?
Can I get a wakeup alarm in the morning?
Can I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Can I get a wakeup call?
Can I get an amenity?
Can I get concierge service?
Can I have a timer set?
Can I order an amenity?
Can I request for more amenities?
Can I request to have a morning call at 7:30AM?
Can I set up a wakeup call for Monday morning 8 o'clock?
Can I take back the wakeup call request?
Can I talk to a concierge?
Can the front desk wake me up at 8:30AM on Tuesday?
Can we set up a wakeup call for tomorrow 8:30 AM?
Can you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Can you arrange an alarm for noon today?
Can you arrange an alarm for this afternoon?
Can you arrange for a wakeup call at 7 AM on Tuesday?
Can you bring me some amenities?
Can you cancel my morning wakeup call?
Can you cancel the alarm?
Can you cancel the wake up call, please?
Can you cancel the wakeup call?
Can you check the room lights, please?
Can you check-in early at a hotel?
Can you close the list of amenities
Can you close the timer app?
Can you close the timer window?
Can you close the timer?
Can you decrease the air conditioner?
Can you decrease the room heating?
Can you decrease the room temperature?
Can you display the alarm screen?
Can you display the alarm?
Can you end the alarm?
Can you exit the list of amenities
Can you find out what time check-in is?
Can you find out what time check-out is?
Can you find out what time the check-in is?
Can you find out what time the check-out is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you get me a concierge?
Can you get me amenities?
Can you get me more amenities?
Can you get rid of the wakeup call?
Can you get the concierge on screen?
Can you give me a menu?
Can you halt the timer?
Can you have a timer measure 20 minutes?
Can you help me with the wifi?
Can you increase air conditioner?
Can you increase the heating temperature?
Can you increase the room heating?
Can you increase the room temperature?
Can you increase the temperature of the room by 7 degrees?
Can you list up all the hotel facilities?
Can you look up what the wifi is?
Can you look up what the wifi password is?
Can you look up what time check-out is?
Can you look up what time the check-in is?
Can you look up what time the check-out is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you look up when I can check-in?
Can you look up when I can check-out?
Can you make an alarm for 6:30 PM?
Can you make an alarm for next Tuesday 3 PM?
Can you make this room 5 degrees  higher?
Can you monitor the status of this room, please?
Can you open the alarm screen?
Can you open the alarm window?
Can you open the timer's screen?
Can you open the timer?
Can you organize a wakeup call for Sunday?
Can you pause the timer?
Can you please set up a wakeup call for Wednesday?
Can you prepare a Monday alarm for 10 in the morning?
Can you prepare a Monday morning alarm for 10?
Can you prepare an alarm for 8 o'clock AM?
Can you provide me with details regarding the wifi? 
Can you provide more info on this room?
Can you put the help page up?
Can you remind me if I arranged for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if I made arrangements for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup alarm?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup call?
Can you remove the morning wakeup call?
Can you request some room amenities for me
Can you select number one
Can you select the first one
Can you send me a wakeup call?
Can you set a 1 hour 30 minute timer?
Can you set a timer?
Can you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Can you set up a timer for me?
Can you set up a timer?
Can you show me information on this room
Can you show me the alarm menu?
Can you show me the current condition of this room?
Can you show me the daily weather forecast?
Can you show me the help page?
Can you show me the home screen?
Can you show me the weather for tomorrow?
Can you show me the wifi password again?
Can you show me what the wifi is?
Can you show me what the wifi password is?
Can you show me what time check out is?
Can you show me what time check-in is?
Can you show me what time check-out is?
Can you show me what time the check-in is?
Can you show me what time the check-out is?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you show me when I can check-in?
Can you show me when I can check-out?
Can you show the alarm display?
Can you show the help page on the screen?
Can you shut down the alarm?
Can you shut off the alarm app?
Can you shut off the alarm screen?
Can you shut off the alarm?
Can you shut off the timer?
Can you start a 1 hour timer?
Can you start a timer for me?
Can you start a timer?
Can you stop the alarm?
Can you stop the timer?
Can you tell me more details about the check-in process?
Can you tell me the password for the wifi?
Can you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Can you tell me the weather for today?
Can you tell me the wifi password?
Can you tell me today's weather?
Can you tell me what the password for the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi password is?
Can you tell me what time I am allowed to check in?
Can you tell me what time check-in is?
Can you tell me what time check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you tell me when I can check-in?
Can you tell me when I can check-out?
Can you turn off the air conditioner?
Can you turn off the heater for now?
Can you turn off the heating?
Can you turn on the air conditioner?
Can you turn on the heating?
Can you turn the alarm off?
Can you wake me up tomorrow at 5AM?
Can your decrease the heating temperature?
Cancel all wake up calls
Cancel my wakeup call
Cancel scheduled wake up call
Cancel the concierge screen
Cancel the scheduled wake up call
Cancel the wakeup call
Change the time for the wake up call
Change the time of my wakeup call
Change times for the morning call
Change times for the wake up call
Change wakeup call details
Check air conditioner status
Check for the air conditioner status of the room
Check for the hotel check-in information
Check for the hotel check-in time
Check for the hotel check-out information
Check for upcoming wake up calls
Check if the temperature of the room dropped yet. I want to lower it by 3 degrees
Check me out
Check me out of my room
Check on the status of air conditioner
Check room heating status
Check room status
Check room temperature
Check status of the room darkening curtain
Check the check-in time
Check the check-out time
Check the room and tell me its status
Check the room temperature
Check the room temperature now
Check the room temperature right now
Check the status of the air conditioner
Check the status of the room
Check the status of the room heating
Check the wifi password
Check the wifi password for the room
Check the wifi password, now
Check to see if there are any wake up calls coming up
Check what amenities are available
Check which wifi is available
Choose the first one
Close amenities list
Close facility information
Close facility information of the hotel
Close facility information of the hotel, now
Close hotel introduction
Close information about hotel facilities, now
Close information about hotel facility
Close now the screen with hotel information
Close out of room service screen
Close out of the room status screen, I am done using it
Close room service screen
Close room status
Close screen on hotel facilities, now
Close screen on hotel facility
Close screen on in-room service
Close screen on room service
Close screen with room information
Close the alarm
Close the alarm app
Close the alarm display
Close the alarm menu
Close the alarm menu screen
Close the alarm screen
Close the alarm window
Close the amenities screen
Close the concierge
Close the concierge app
Close the concierge screen
Close the help page
Close the hotel information screen
Close the list of amenities
Close the list of services
Close the room information screen
Close the screen on hotel information
Close the screen on hotel introduction
Close the service information page now
Close the status of the room
Close the timer window
Close timer app
Close timer window
Control room temperature and turn off air conditioner
Control room temperature and turn off heating
Control room temperature and turn on heating
Control room temperature by turning off the air conditioner
Control room temperature by turning on the air conditioner
Control the AC's wind speed, it's not strong enough
Control the room thermostat and set it as cold as possible
Control the temperature so that the air conditioner is on
Could I adjust the brightness of the bathroom lights?
Could I change the time for the wake up call?
Could I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Could I get some conditioner?
Could I have an additional alarm clock?
Could I pay for an additional stay? 
Could I place a request for a wake-up call for 9PM tonight?
Could I place a request for conditioner?
Could I request an amenity
Could I schedule a morning call for 9:20AM Friday?
Could I turn off the lights in the bathroom?
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
Could we drop the temperature significantly? I want it to drop 15 degrees
Could we increase the temperature of the room by 4 degrees?
Could we just talk about this for a second?
Could you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you automatically exit out of the page with the hotel information?
Could you bring up the alarm display?
Could you bring up the alarm menu?
Could you bring up the alarm window?
Could you bring up the alarm?
Could you check the room temperature?
Could you close the screen with the hotel information as soon as possible?
Could you close the timer app?
Could you close the timer?
Could you exit out of the main menu for now?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you give me a wakeup call?
Could you give me more information for hotel check in 
Could you give up email for five years?
Could you help me contact the front desk?
Could you increase room temperature by one degree
Could you just excuse us for one minute?
Could you log out of the screen with the room information?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you lower room temperature by one degree
Could you make sure that the room is extremely well heated?
Could you make the room brighter?
Could you make the temperature drop by 6 degrees?
Could you open home?
Could you remind me again what the wifi password is?
Could you select number one
Could you select the first one
Could you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Could you set up a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you share the check out policy? 
Could you show me in detail what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me information for hotel check in
Could you show me the number to the front desk? 
Could you show me what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me what the wifi password is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you shut off the timer?
Could you slightly decrease the room's temperature
Could you slightly reduce the temperature of the room?
Could you slightly turn up the brightness
Could you switch off the heating for the room
Could you tell me about the room wifi
Could you tell me if the heating for the room is on?
Could you tell me more about the check out policy? 
Could you tell me the condition of my room?
Could you tell me the room temperature?
Could you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Could you tell me the wifi password?
Could you tell me what I need to verify my information during check-in? 
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you turn down air conditioner by one degree
Could you turn off the air conditioner?
Could you turn off the central heating system for now?
Could you turn off the heating?
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
Could you turn on the heating?
Could you turn up air conditioner by one degree
Could you update me with information of hotel facilities?
Could you verify the check out time?
Could you wake me up tomorrow at 9AM?
Deactivate alarm
Decrease air conditioning temperature by one degree
Decrease room heating by one degree
Decrease the heating
Decrease the heating temperature
Decrease the room temperature
Decrease the room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Details on hotel check-out
Dial for help
Did I ask for a wakeup call?
Did I request a wakeup call?
Did I schedule a wake up call?
Did I schedule a wake up call? 
Did I schedule any wake up calls?
Did I set a wakeup alarm?
Did I set up a wakeup alarm?
Did they do that sort of thing way back in your day?
Did you arrange a wakeup call for me?
Did you put in a wakeup call request for me?
Display check-in details
Display check-in details for the hotel
Display check-in details on screen
Display check-in information
Display check-in information on screen
Display check-in time
Display check-in time for my hotel reservation
Display check-in time on screen
Display check-out details
Display check-out details for the hotel
Display check-out details on screen
Display check-out for hotel reservation
Display check-out information
Display check-out information on screen
Display check-out time
Display check-out time for my hotel reservation
Display check-out time on screen
Display details of check-out on screen
Display details on hotel check-in
Display details on hotel check-out
Display hotel amenities
Display hotel check-in time
Display hotel check-out time
Display hotel reservation check-in time
Display hotel reservation check-out time
Display information for hotel check-in
Display now the information on the room
Display options for room service
Display room information
Display room service
Display room status
Display service information
Display status of the room
Display the alarm
Display the alarm app
Display the alarm on the screen
Display the alarm screen
Display the alarm window
Display the concierge
Display the concierge on the screen
Display the concierge screen
Display the help page
Display the help screen
Display the timer
Display the timer screen
Display time for hotel check-in
Display time for hotel check-out
Display time to check-out the hotel
Display what options are available for room service
Do I ask the front desk for amenities?
Do I bring my reservation confirmation number to check in?
Do I check out at the same place I checked in for my stay?
Do I go to the front desk for an early check out?
Do I have a wake up call scheduled?
Do I have any wake up calls?
Do I have to ask somebody to get an answer?
Do I have to be 18 to check-in? 
Do I have to pay an additional fee to get internet access in my room?
Do I have to place a deposit during check in?
Do I have to return to the front desk to check out?
Do I need a password to connect to wifi?
Do I need a print out of my reservation number to check in? 
Do I need my reservation number to check-in?
Do I need to call the front desk for the check out info? 
Do I need to check out right now?
Do I need to go to reception to check-in?
Do I need to go to the front desk to check out?
Do a wakeup call at 8 AM tomorrow morning
Do all the guests need to go down to the lobby to check-out?
Do you accept all forms of payment for check-in?
Do you have any local take out menus that I can look through?
Do you have any post-its?
Do you have online checkout?
Do you have service information?
Do you have the forecast for today?
Do you have today's weather?
Do you know the wifi password?
Do you need my reservation for check-in?
Do you remember if I set up a wakeup call?
Drop the room's temperature by a 3 degrees
Drop the temperature of this room
Eighth one
Eleventh one
Eliminate the wake up call
Enable me to make changes to the status of my room
End alarm
End hotel introduction
End screen on room service
End screen with room status
End screen with status of the room
End the alarm
End the alarm app
End the hotel information screen
End the wake up call
End timer
End timer screen
Exit amenities list
Exit amenities screen
Exit amenities window
Exit facility information
Exit facility information of the hotel
Exit hotel introduction
Exit information about hotel facilities
Exit list of amenities
Exit out of amenities
Exit out of room service screen
Exit out of room status
Exit out of screen with room status
Exit out of screen with status of the room
Exit out of status of the room
Exit room information screen
Exit room status
Exit screen on hotel facilities
Exit screen on hotel information
Exit screen on in-room service
Exit screen on room service
Exit screen with room information
Exit screen with room status
Exit status of the room
Exit the alarm app
Exit the alarm display
Exit the alarm menu
Exit the alarm screen
Exit the alarm window
Exit the concierge app
Exit the concierge screen
Exit the concierge window
Exit the facility information screen 
Exit the help page
Exit the hotel information screen
Exit the list of amenities
Exit the list of services
Exit the room service screen
Exit the room service screen now
Exit the room status screen
Exit the screen on hotel information
Exit the screen on hotel introduction
Exit timer
Exit timer app
Exit timer screen
Fifteenth one
Fifth one
Find information about check-in
Find out check-in time
Find out check-out time
Find out if I can stay for one more night
Find out information about check-out
Find out the weather for today
Find out the weather forecast
Find out today's weather
Find out today's weather forecast
Find out what services this hotel has
Find out what time check-in is
Find out what time check-out is
Find out what time the hotel check-in is
Find out what time the hotel check-out is
First one
Forget the wakeup call
Fourteenth one
Fourth one
Get a 8:30 morning alarm ready
Get an alarm ready for Monday morning 8 o'clock
Get an alarm ready for next Tuesday 3:30 PM
Get an alarm ready for tomorrow evening at 6
Get an alarm set for tomorrow evening at 6
Get me a concierge
Get me more room amenities
Get me the help page
Get me the timer screen
Get me the weather forecast for my area
Get more bathroom amenities
Get out of the alarm menu
Get out of the hotel information
Get rid of the amenities list
Get rid of the amenities screen
Get rid of the help page
Get rid of the timer
Get rid of wakeup call
Get the timer running
Give information for hotel check-in
Give me a 10 AM wakeup call
Give me a call at 5AM on Thursday
Give me a list of all amenities
Give me a list of all hotel services
Give me a list of amenities
Give me a morning call at 8:30AM Thursday
Give me a wakeup call at 12 PM
Give me a wakeup call tomorrow at 7 AM
Give me additional bath amenities
Give me an alert for 8:30 PM
Give me check-in details
Give me check-in information
Give me check-in time
Give me check-out details
Give me check-out information
Give me check-out time
Give me conditioner
Give me details on check-in
Give me details on check-out
Give me details on hotel check-in
Give me hotel check-in time
Give me hotel check-out time
Give me hotel reservation check-in time
Give me hotel reservation check-out time
Give me information about the hotel
Give me information for hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel facilities
Give me instructions on cancelling my drink order
Give me more bath amenities
Give me more information about the hotel
Give me room status
Give me some hotel information
Give me the front desk number
Give me the help page
Give me the help screen
Give me the hotel's amenities
Give me the status of the room
Give me time for hotel check-in
Give me time for hotel check-out
Go out of the amenities screen
Go with number one
Go with the first one
Halt the timer
Have a timer open for 15 minutes
Have a timer set for 1 hour
Have a timer set up for 30 minutes
Have a wake up call scheduled for 8:30AM tomorrow
Have a wakeup call prepared tomorrow 9:45 AM
Have a wakeup call ready for Monday 9:30 AM
Have an alarm prepared for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm ready for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm set for Monday night 8:30
Have the front desk give me a morning call at 9AM
Have the front desk wake me up at 9AM tomorrow
Heating for the room needs to be highered to 30 degrees Celsius
Help me connect my phone to the wifi
Help me control the different settings of my room
Help me figure out the WIFI password for this room
Help me figure out the check-in time
Help me figure out the current status of this room
Help me figure out the wifi for the room
Help me find a way to increase the room's temperature by 5 degrees
Help me find something to eat right now
Help me go to the home screen
Help me reach the front desk
Help me remember what time check-out is
Help me turn off the AC  for now, I'll be leaving the hotel
Help me warm up the room
Help me with the check out
Help, I would like to pay for one more night
How can I access service information?
How can I check all the amenities at this hotel?
How can I check the password for the room's wifi?
How can I check the status of this room?
How can I decrease the room's temperature?
How can I extend the date of my check out?
How can I find the information regarding my room status?
How can I increase the room's temperature?
How can I make sure this room's temperature doesn't go below 50 degrees Fahrenheit?
How can I make this room colder? Drop the temperature by  10 degrees
How can I reach the front desk?
How can I turn off the main menu?
How can we increase the temperature of the room by 5 degrees?
How do I find out the number to the front desk? 
How do I get wifi connection?
How do I increase the temperature in this room?
How do I know that this room is currently at room temperature?
How do I make the room warmer? Increase the overall temperature by 10 degrees
How do I set this place to room temperature?
How do I turn on all the lights for the room?
How low can I set the thermostat?
How much time is left on the timer?
I am about to check out
I am checking in very late, do I need to tell the concierge? 
I am choosing the last option available
I am done looking at the alarm menu
I am done trying to change the status of this room, please close screen now
I am done using the alarm screen
I am done with the alarm function
I am done with the alarm menu
I am done with the alarm page
I am done with the alarm screen
I am done with the alarm window
I am done with the amenities
I am done with the amenities list
I am done with the concierge screen
I am done with the help page
I am done with the timer
I am finished with the alarm screen
I am finished with the alarm window
I am finished with the concierge screen
I am finished with the help page
I am finished with the timer
I am going to choose the first one
I am going to need a wakeup call
I am going to pick number one
I am going to pick the 3rd one from the options shown on the screen
I am going to select number one
I am going to select the first one
I am not getting any internet signal in my hotel room
I am prepared to check out
I am putting the WiFi password in but it's not working
I am ready for bed, please turn off all the lights in this room
I am ready to check out
I am ready to sleep now, please turn off the lights in this room
I am requesting bath amenities
I am requesting room amenities
I am selecting the third option to the left
I am set to checkout
I can't connect to the wifi
I can't feel the heat in this room
I can't find the check out info
I can't find the password to my room's WiFi network anywhere
I can't get the internet to work in my room
I can't notice the cold air coming from the vents
I can't remember the wifi
I can't remember the wifi password
I can't see anything, I want to increase the brightness of the room
I can't seem to connect to the wifi 
I can't seem to connect to the wifi, can you show me again?
I command the screen to turn off now
I demand a concierge
I don't feel hot air blowing
I don't know all information about this room yet
I don't know all the information about this room yet
I don't know anything about how you work this
I don't know anything about this hotel, give me an introduction
I don't like anything on the menu, close the screen
I don't need any updates on the rooms status
I don't need anymore specifics about my room
I don't need details on this hotel anymore, close immediately
I don't need information on the status of this room
I don't need the alarm menu
I don't need the alarm screen
I don't need the amenities screen
I don't need the concierge app
I don't need the concierge app anymore
I don't need the help page
I don't need the help page anymore
I don't need the menu anymore
I don't need the screen with the hotel introduction anymore
I don't need the timer anymore
I don't need the timer app
I don't need the wakeup alarm anymore
I don't need the wakeup call
I don't need the wakeup call anymore
I don't need to know anymore information regarding the hotel room
I don't need to know information regarding the hotel room
I don't need to see the information provided on the screen anymore
I don't think the AC is blowing strong enough
I don't think the room is dark enough
I don't think the thermostat in my room is not working properly
I don't want any lights in the room
I don't want the AC to stop running
I don't want the bedside lights to be turned on anymore
I don't want the wake up call anymore
I don't want this room to have air conditioning
I don't want to look at the hotel  information page anymore
I don't want to see the list of amenities anymore
I don't require the guide anymore
I don't want light enter from the window
I don't want to look at room service options
I don't want to look at the menu anymore
I don't want to see the help page
I don't need the screen with the room status anymore
I don't need to know the condition of my room anymore
I don't require the guide anymore
I don't think this room needs the heating anymore
I don't want the bathroom lights on anymore
I don't want this room to have heating
I don't want to go to the front desk, how can I check out? 
I don't want to see the help page
I don't want to see the status of my room anymore
I forgot the password for the wifi
I forgot the password to this room's wifi
I forgot the wifi password, could you show it to me?
I found all information on this hotel
I found all the information I needed about my hotel room
I found all the information I needed, please close the main menu
I have everything I need, I don't need amenities
I have finished looking at the screen with the room status
I have finished with the alarm screen
I have found all the information I've been looking for, please close the screen now
I have no use for the home screen anymore
I must have a wakeup call tomorrow
I must have an alarm clock
I must see the concierge app
I must speak to a concierge
I need a call to wake me up in the morning
I need a concierge
I need a different time for my wakeup call
I need a timer
I need a wake up call for Thursday at 6:30PM
I need a wake up call tomorrow
I need a wakeup alarm
I need a wakeup call
I need a wakeup call at 6:45 AM
I need a wakeup call at exacty 6:30 AM
I need amenities
I need an alarm for Tuesday 8 o'clock AM
I need an alarm for tomorrow 8:30 AM
I need an alarm to wake up
I need assistance with the check out
I need assistance, please call for help
I need check out details for the hotel
I need check out information for the hotel
I need check-in details
I need check-in details for the hotel
I need check-in information
I need check-in information for the hotel
I need check-out details
I need check-out information
I need check-out information for the hotel
I need concierge services
I need facility information
I need more information on hotel facilities
I need more ventilation in this room
I need room amenities
I need some amenities
I need the AC to be much stronger
I need the heating system to be turned on
I need the temperature to decrease by 2 degrees
I need the weather for this location
I need this afternoon's weather forecast
I need this room to be warmer
I need to access the concierge app
I need to adjust the brightness of the lights
I need to be awake at 6AM tomorrow
I need to be woken up at 4AM on Thursday
I need to check out now
I need to checkout
I need to get daily wake up calls for 9AM
I need to have a morning call scheduled for 9AM tomorrow
I need to know check-in time for my reservation
I need to know check-out time for my reservation
I need to know the weather for Tuesday
I need to know the weather for today
I need to know today's weather
I need to know what the wifi password is
I need to request a wake up call
I need to see the help page
I need to set up a morning call for 9AM
I need to take a look at the help page
I need to talk to a concierge
I need to view the help page
I need to write down a reservation number
I need tomorrow's weather for this location
I need you to arrange a 12 AM wakeup call for me
I need you to give me a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I need you to give me a wakeup call on Sunday
I need you to pause the timer
I need you to power through the pain
I need you to prepare a wakeup call for 9AM Monday
I need you to time something
I no longer need information about hotel menu
I no longer need the menu
I no longer want air conditioner for this room
I no longer want heating for this room
I no longer want to have the ceiling lights on
I no longer want to use room service
I no longer wish to be on this page, exit the home screen
I no longer wish to check the status of this room
I no longer wish to see the room status
I require a wakeup call at 7:50 PM
I require assistance for the check out
I still feel warm. Please turn up the AC
I still haven't figured out the WIFI information of my room
I think the AC is not strong enough
I think the heater needs to be turned off
I think the room is too dark, bring up the brightness in here
I want a list of amenities
I want a morning call scheduled at 8AM tomorrow
I want a timer
I want a timer for 60 minutes
I want a timer set for 30 seconds
I want a timer set up for 1 hour
I want a timer to measure 2 hours
I want a timer to run for 2 hours
I want a wakeup alarm set for 8 AM tomorrow
I want a wakeup call in the morning
I want a wakeup call tomorrow at exactly 8 AM
I want air conditioner off
I want air conditioner on
I want all the lights completely turned on
I want amenities
I want an 8 AM alarm active
I want an 8 AM alarm ready
I want an alarm for 8:30 PM
I want an alarm for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm for next Monday 3 PM
I want an alarm for tomorrow 8 AM
I want an alarm set for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want an alarm set up for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm to go off at 7 PM
I want an alert to go off at 8 o'clock
I want an alert to ring at 7 PM
I want check-in information
I want check-in information for the hotel
I want check-out information
I want check-out information for the hotel
I want concierge services
I want facility information
I want heating off
I want heating on
I want more information on hotel facilities
I want my room not to have heating
I want my room to have heating
I want see room status
I want see status of the room
I want some room amenities
I want the AC to blow more air
I want the AC to keep running for a while
I want the AC vents to stay open
I want the air conditioner to be higher
I want the air conditioner to be much higher
I want the air conditioner to be much lower
I want the alarm display on screen
I want the entire heating system to be turned off
I want the heating temperature to be higher
I want the heating temperature to be lower
I want the heating temperature to be much higher
I want the heating temperature to be much lower
I want the heating to be higher
I want the heating to be lower
I want the heating to be much higher
I want the heating to be much lower
I want the inside temperature of the room by exactly 60 degrees
I want the lights to be slightly dimmed
I want the number to front desk
I want the room temperature to be higher
I want the room temperature to be lower
I want the room temperature to be much higher
I want the room temperature to be much lower
I want the room to be brighter
I want the room to be much colder
I want the room to be much cooler
I want the room to be slightly colder
I want the temperature in this room to decrease significantly
I want the temperature lowered by 4 degrees
I want the temperature of the room to increase
I want the temperature of this room to go up
I want the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I want the thermostat turned up as high as possible
I want this room to be exactly 66 degrees Fahrenheit
I want this room to be pitch black so that I can sleep
I want this to work, but you have to help me
I want three bathrobes sent up to me
I want to I want to close facility information
I want to adjust my wakeup call
I want to adjust the brightness of the lights
I want to adjust the temperature. Turn up the AC
I want to alter my wakeup alarm
I want to alter my wakeup call
I want to alter the time of my wakeup alarm
I want to ask about checking in early 
I want to ask for amenities
I want to ask the front desk to help me check out
I want to be able to control the different settings of my room
I want to be able to monitor the status of my room
I want to be able to read all the information on the main menu
I want to be warm. Please turn the heater on
I want to bring down air conditioner by one degree
I want to bring down room temperature by one degree
I want to bring up air conditioner by one degree
I want to cancel my wakeup call
I want to cancel the wake up call
I want to change my time for the morning call
I want to change my wakeup alarm
I want to change my wakeup call
I want to change the time on my wakeup alarm
I want to check for upcoming wake up calls
I want to check for wake up calls
I want to check how the lights are
I want to check if the thermostat is correct, it still feels chilly
I want to check my weight
I want to check on the status of the room's heater
I want to check out
I want to check out 
I want to check out of my room
I want to check out online
I want to check the room temperature
I want to check the status on the AC
I want to check-in using the internet
I want to checkout
I want to checkout but I have to pay
I want to choose the first one
I want to choose the first one from the list you have provided
I want to click on the first button available
I want to close facility information
I want to close facility information of the hotel
I want to close facility information of the hotel, now
I want to close facility information, now
I want to close home menu
I want to close out of room service screen
I want to close room service screen
I want to close screen with room status
I want to close screen with status of the room
I want to close the list of hotel amenities
I want to close the main menu
I want to close the room information screen
I want to close the room status
I want to close the screen on hotel information
I want to close the status of the room
I want to compare different rooms available in this hotel
I want to connect to the wifi immediately. 
I want to contact the front desk 
I want to control the brightness of the bathroom lights
I want to control the inside temperature of the room, set the room at 50 degrees
I want to control the room lights, bring up the light slightly
I want to control the room's thermostat and set it as cold as possible
I want to decrease the AC's wind speed
I want to decrease the heating temperature
I want to decrease the room temperature
I want to double check that all the lights in this room are working properly
I want to eat in my room, please show me the menu
I want to edit my wakeup call
I want to eliminate the scheduled wake up call
I want to end screen with room status
I want to end screen with status of the room
I want to end the screen with the hotel information now
I want to exit facility information
I want to exit facility information of the hotel
I want to exit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to exit facility information, now
I want to exit out of room service screen
I want to exit out of room status
I want to exit out of screen with room status
I want to exit out of screen with status of the room
I want to exit out of status of the room
I want to exit out of the room service screen
I want to exit room service screen
I want to exit room status
I want to exit screen with room status
I want to exit screen with status of the room
I want to exit status of the room
I want to exit the help page
I want to exit the list of hotel amenities
I want to exit the room information screen
I want to exit the screen with the hotel information, immediately
I want to figure out the status of the AC right now
I want to find out if there's a fee for a late check out
I want to find the number to the front desk 
I want to get a morning call on Tuesday at 5AM
I want to get out of the screen that I'm looking at
I want to go to home screen
I want to have the central lights of my room switched on
I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow
I want to increase air conditioner by one degree
I want to increase room temperature by one degree
I want to increase the air conditioner
I want to increase the heating
I want to increase the heating temperature
I want to increase the room temperature
I want to inquire more information about the services this hotel provides
I want to keep the AC running
I want to keep the heater on for now
I want to keep the room warm
I want to know about check-in
I want to know about check-out
I want to know about hotel facility information
I want to know about this hotel with more detail
I want to know all the amenities found in this hotel
I want to know check-in details
I want to know check-in details for the hotel
I want to know check-in information
I want to know check-in time for my reservation
I want to know check-out details
I want to know check-out details for the hotel
I want to know check-out information
I want to know check-out time
I want to know check-out time for my reservation
I want to know exactly what you did to her!
I want to know how early I can check-in to the hotel
I want to know if I can check-in directly without going through the front desk
I want to know if I can pay for an additional night at this hotel 
I want to know if I can still use hotel facilities after checkout
I want to know if the air conditioner is running
I want to know if the hotel has hi-speed internet provided
I want to know if the room is heating up right now
I want to know information about hotel
I want to know more about the hotel facilities
I want to know more about what you do here
I want to know the check out policy
I want to know the check out policy for this hotel
I want to know the check out time 
I want to know the check-in time
I want to know the check-out time for my reservation
I want to know the front desk number
I want to know the hotel's check-in time
I want to know the number of the front desk
I want to know the number to the front desk
I want to know the password for the wifi
I want to know the procedure to check out
I want to know the room temperature
I want to know the status of the air conditioning
I want to know the status of the room heating
I want to know the temperature of the room right now
I want to know the weather at 2AM
I want to know the wide range of facilities and services this place has to offer
I want to know the wifi
I want to know the wifi for the room
I want to know the wifi password
I want to know time to check-in for my reservation
I want to know what amenities are available at the hotel
I want to know what time I can check-in
I want to know what type of information can be found on the main menu
I want to know wifi details 
I want to look at the timer
I want to look up check out procedure, please 
I want to look up the wifi
I want to look up the wifi password
I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life
I want to lower room temperature by one degree
I want to lower the heating
I want to lower the heating temperature
I want to lower the room temperature
I want to make a request for room cleaning services
I want to make a request for the wake up call
I want to make a request for turn down service
I want to make a request. Please call the front desk
I want to make air conditioner decrease by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go down by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go up by one degree
I want to make changes to my wakeup alarm
I want to make room temperature go down by one degree
I want to make room temperature go up by one degree
I want to make use of the information on the home screen
I want to measure my weight
I want to open a page that contains hotel information
I want to order an amenity
I want to order room service
I want to order something to eat for lunch, please show me the menu
I want to place a request for a daily morning call for 9AM
I want to place a request for a pull-out bed
I want to place a request for dental floss
I want to place an order for amenities
I want to proceed with early check out
I want to proceed with the check out
I want to put in a request for amenities
I want to put in a request to change the time for the wake up call
I want to put my cash in a safe while I'm away
I want to put-in a request for a pull-out bed
I want to quit facility information
I want to quit facility information of the hotel
I want to quit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to quit facility information, now
I want to quit room service screen
I want to quit the help page
I want to quit the main menu because I wasn't able to find the answers to my questions
I want to quit the room information screen
I want to reach someone at the front desk 
I want to reach the front desk, what's the number?
I want to read all about the services and information about this hotel
I want to read service information
I want to receive an amenity
I want to request a change in duvet covers
I want to request a normal check out
I want to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I want to request amenities
I want to request for a check out
I want to review the status of the room
I want to run the AC on fan mode
I want to say something to you but not today
I want to schedule a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
I want to see all amenities
I want to see amenities at this hotel
I want to see if I have any wake up calls scheduled 
I want to see information about the hotel
I want to see more information about hotel
I want to see room status
I want to see status of the room
I want to see the  time for hotel check in
I want to see the alarm
I want to see the alarm menu
I want to see the concierge screen
I want to see the help page
I want to see the room service menu
I want to see the status of my room
I want to see the status of the central lights
I want to see the status of the room
I want to see the status on all the lights in my suite
I want to see the wifi
I want to see the wifi password
I want to see what amenities I'm able to request
I want to select number one
I want to select option 3 out of the options provided to me on the screen
I want to select the eleventh one from the list that you've provided
I want to select the first one
I want to select the main menu on the home screen
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM 
I want to set a morning call for Tuesday at 9:20PM
I want to set my wakeup alarm to a different time
I want to set the room to 4  degrees Fahrenheit
I want to set the temperature of the AC as low as possible
I want to set the temperature of this room to room temperature
I want to set up a wakeup alarm in the morning
I want to set up a wakeup call
I want to shut off all the lights around the bed
I want to slightly decrease the brightness of the room
I want to slightly increase the temperature of this room by 2 degrees
I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me
I want to stop looking at the menu for room service
I want to stop looking up information regarding this hotel room
I want to stop monitoring the status of the room
I want to switch off the air conditioner
I want to switch off the heating
I want to switch on the air conditioner
I want to switch on the heating
I want to take a look at the alarm
I want to take a look at the guest services the hotel can offer me
I want to take a look at the help page
I want to talk to both you guys about Greta
I want to talk to someone in the lobby 
I want to turn air conditioner on right now
I want to turn down room temperature by one degree
I want to turn heating off right now
I want to turn heating on right now
I want to turn off all the lights, immediately
I want to turn off screen with amenities
I want to turn off the air conditioner
I want to turn off the heating
I want to turn on the air conditioner
I want to turn on the heating
I want to turn on the heating for now
I want to turn up room temperature by one degree
I want to turn up the wind speed
I want to use a radiator during my stay
I want to use the game center
I want to use the hotel facilities, can you provide me with more information?
I want to verify the check out time
I want you to give me a wakeup call tomorrow
I want you to set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 tomorrow morning
I want you to set an alarm for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want you to set up an alarm for this evening at 6
I want you to time something
I wasn't able to find the information I wanted from the main menu
I will checkout now
I will need a wakeup alarm
I will need an alarm for 8:30 PM
I will need an alarm for Monday 8 AM
I will need an alarm for noon today
I will request amenities
I wish to turn off all the ceiling lights in the room
I wish to use the restroom, turn on the bathroom lights
I would like a little bit more information on hotel facilities
I would like a concierge
I would like a timer for 60 seconds
I would like a timer set for 30 minutes
I would like a timer set up for 1 hour
I would like a wakeup alarm
I would like a wakeup call
I would like a wakeup call arranged in case my alarm does not work
I would like a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like an alarm at 5:30 PM
I would like an alarm for 5:30
I would like concierge services
I would like information on hotel facilities
I would like it to be much colder in here
I would like room heating to be on
I would like the AC to cool me down, please turn it on
I would like the alarm displayed
I would like the temperature of the room to be 5 degrees  lower
I would like to access the hotel's currency exchange service
I would like to adjust the temperature of my room. Make the temperature 4 degrees  lower
I would like to be woken up at 9AM on Tuesday
I would like to change the time for the morning call
I would like to change the wakeup alarm's time
I would like to check the status of the ceiling lights right now
I would like to checkout
I would like to checkout now
I would like to checkout of my room
I would like to choose the first one
I would like to close information on hotel facilities
I would like to close the screen on hotel information
I would like to control the bathroom lights
I would like to exit information on hotel facilities
I would like to exit out of information on hotel facilities
I would like to increase room temperature by two degrees
I would like to increase the temperature of the room by 2 degrees
I would like to know check-in time for my reservation
I would like to know check-out time for my reservation
I would like to know more details on check out procedure 
I would like to know the current room temperature
I would like to order an amenity
I would like to pick number one
I would like to receive daily morning calls for 10AM
I would like to request a wake up call for today 8:30PM
I would like to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like to request amenities
I would like to request concierge service
I would like to see main display
I would like to see the home menu
I would like to select the option found at the top of the screen
I would like to switch on the heating for this room, immediately
I would like to turn down the air conditioning by two degrees
I would like to turn down the heating by two degrees
I would like you to time something for me
I'd like a wake up call tomorrow 
I'd like help for the check out
I'd like help with the check out
I'd like some room amenities
I'd like the AC to stop blasting air
I'd like the direct number to the front desk 
I'd like the front desk to wake me up at 8:30PM
I'd like the temperature of the room to drop
I'd like the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I'd like to be warm. Turn on the heater
I'd like to block out the light completely
I'd like to call the front desk
I'd like to cancel the wake up call
I'd like to cancel using the screen with the room status information
I'd like to check if the room's AC is working properly
I'd like to check the status of the room
I'd like to control the wind speed setting and turn it up
I'd like to cool off for a little, can we turn up the AC?
I'd like to dim down the room lights, immediately
I'd like to get a wake up call at 8PM tonight
I'd like to have a wake up call scheduled daily for 8AM
I'd like to have the bedside light turned on
I'd like to jump the queue and check out online
I'd like to know the hotel's check-in time 
I'd like to know the password to connect to the wifi
I'd like to know the time for hotel check in
I'd like to know the wifi for this room
I'd like to know what time I can check-in to the hotel 
I'd like to look up the wifi password 
I'd like to lower the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to open the home menu right now
I'd like to proceed with the check out
I'd like to put in a request for a daily wake up call for 8AM
I'd like to receive a wake up call on Friday for 8AM
I'd like to request early check out
I'd like to request for a late check out
I'd like to request for an alarm clock
I'd like to request to check out right now
I'd like to request to have the bathroom amenities restocked immediately
I'd like to see more information for hotel check in
I'd like to see the room status shown on the display, please
I'd like to set a wake up call for 8PM on Wednesday
I'd like to switch the time for the wake up call
I'd like to think all of that conditioning paid off.
I'd like to turn down the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to wake up at 7AM tomorrow
I'm choosing the first one
I'm cold, please turn on the heater for the room
I'm done asking questions about hotel room information
I'm done asking questions about my hotel room for now
I'm done looking up details about the hotel room
I'm done reading the screen with hotel information, please exit screen
I'm done requesting for more amenities
I'm done showering, please turn off the bathroom lights
I'm done using the screen for now
I'm freezing here, thank you for checking, can I go?
I'm freezing in here
I'm having issues with the room's wifi
I'm having problems connecting to the wifi
I'm having trouble with the wifi
I'm selecting number one
I've checked in but my room is being cleaned. Can I use hotel facilities? 
I've chosen the first number
I've chosen the first one
I've decided on number one
I've decided on the menu, close screen now
I've forgotten the password to the wifi
I've just checked in. What is the status of the room?
I've learned enough information about the hotel, it's okay to quit the screen now
I've made the decision to select the last option
I've read enough details on hotel facilities, you can close the screen now
I've read enough information from the main menu, please close now
I've read everything I needed, please exit the screen now
I've seen enough, I want to close the menu
Immediately exit out of the home display, I don't want to look at it anymore
Immediately select the sixteenth option from the options on display
Increase air conditioner
Increase air conditioner by one degree
Increase air conditioning by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by two degrees
Increase air conditioning to 20 degrees Celsius
Increase heating
Increase heating temperature
Increase heating temperature by two degrees
Increase heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase room eating by one degree
Increase room heating by one degree
Increase room temperature
Increase room temperature by one degree
Increase room temperature to 22 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating
Increase the heating of the room to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating temperature
Increase the room temperature
Increase the room temperature by two degrees
Information about check-in
Information about check-out
Information about wifi
Information for hotel check-in
Information for hotel check-out
Inquire front desk number
Inquire front number
Inquire time for hotel check-in
Inquire time for hotel check-out
Inquire wifi password
Is my AC temperature setting too low?
Is my room currently at 70 degrees ?
Is the AC blocked? It's still hot
Is the AC blowing air right now?
Is the AC running right now?
Is the AC turned on right now?
Is the AC working properly?
Is the air conditioner on?
Is the air conditioner working now?
Is the heater working properly?
Is the heater working properly? It doesn't feel strong enough
Is the heating for the room on?
Is the heating on?
Is the room heating on?
Is the room heating system working?
Is the room heating up right now?
Is the room heating up? It still feels cold
Is the room's wifi working right now?
Is the temperature dropping any time soon?
Is the wifi working for this room?
Is the wifi working? 
Is there a heater in this room?
Is there a password for the room's wifi?
Is there a password required for the wifi?
Is there a wake up call
Is there a wakeup alarm set?
Is there a wakeup call in place?
Is there a wakeup call set up?
Is there a wakeup call?
Is there a way that I can check out online? 
Is there a way to cancel room service?
Is there a way to check-in online or through an app?
Is there a way to check-in using the internet?
Is there a way to connect to the wifi?
Is there a way to increase the room's temperature by 3 degrees?
Is there a way to look up details for the check-in process?
Is there a way to lower the temperature by 5 degrees?
Is there a way to see the status of the AC in this room?
Is there a way to see the status of this room?
Is there a way to turn off the AC for now?
Is there a way to warm up this room?
Is there an active wakeup alarm?
Is there anyone available to help me in the front desk?
Is there anything interesting to do in my hotel?
Is this place at room temperature right now? It doesn't feel like it
Is this room at room temperature?
Is this set to room temperature? Please increase the temperature
It seems like the AC is too strong, decrease the wind speed
It seems like the room is still cold, I want to increase the room's temperature
It's a bit chilly, can we turn down the AC?
It's a bit chilly, what's the temperature like?
It's a bit too warm in here
It's hot, lower air conditioning by one degree
It's okay to close the home screen now
It's okay to close the screen with room information since I don't need it anymore
It's okay to close the screen with the list of hotel facilities, I'm well informed
It's so cold in here, please turn the heater on
It's still hot, please check the status of the AC
It's time for me to checkout
It's too bright in here, I want to turn off all the lights
It's too dark in here, I want to brighten up the room
It's too late to order, turn off the menu
It's warm enough, turn off the heater
Keep the room temperature at 23 degrees even when we are out
Launch a 30 minute timer
Launch all hotel facilities information
Launch facility information
Launch hotel facility information
Launch hotel facility information, now
Launch hotel information
Launch hotel introduction
Launch room information
Launch room service
Launch room status
Launch status of the room
Launch the concierge
Launch the concierge app
Launch the timer
Launch the timer and time 30 minutes
Leave amenities list
Leave amenities screen
Leave help page
Leave the alarm display
Leave the alarm menu
Leave the alarm screen
Leave the concierge app
Leave timer app
Leave timer screen
Let's arrange a wakeup call for 9 AM tomorrow
Let's make changes to my wakeup call
Let's see a list of the hotel amenities
Let's see the hotel amenities
Let's set up a morning alarm
Let's set up a wakeup call
List all hotel amenities please
List of all the amenities
List up all amenities in the hotel
Load the service information page
Look at room status
Look for all hotel amenities
Look for check-in time for the hotel
Look for check-out time for the hotel
Look for front desk number
Look for front number
Look up check-in details
Look up check-in information
Look up check-in information, now
Look up check-in time
Look up check-in time for the hotel
Look up check-out details
Look up check-out information
Look up check-out time
Look up check-out time for the hotel
Look up details on check-in
Look up details on check-out
Look up facility information
Look up front desk number
Look up front number
Look up hotel amenities
Look up hotel check-in time
Look up hotel check-out time
Look up hotel reservation check-in time
Look up hotel reservation check-out time
Look up information for hotel check-in
Look up information on check-in
Look up information on check-out
Look up now check-out information
Look up now the wifi password for the room
Look up options for room service
Look up room service
Look up the wifi password for the room
Look up the wifi password, now
Look up time for hotel check-in
Look up time for hotel check-out
Look up what options are available for room service
Look up what time check-in is
Look up what time check-out is
Look up what time the hotel check-in is
Look up what time the hotel check-out is
Look up wifi
Look up wifi password
Look up wifi password, now
Lower air conditioner by one degree
Lower air conditioning temperature by one degree
Lower air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower heating temperature by one degree
Lower heating to 22 degrees Celsius
Lower room heating by one degree
Lower room temperature by one degree
Lower room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower the air conditioner
Lower the heating
Lower the heating temperature
Lower the room temp by one degree
Lower the room temperature
Make a request for bath amenities
Make a request for concierge services
Make air conditioner decrease by one degree
Make air conditioner go down by one degree
Make air conditioner go up by one degree
Make air conditioner increase by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature decrease by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go down by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go up by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature increase by one degree
Make an alarm for Tuesday 11 AM
Make changes to my wakeup call
Make heating of the room turn off
Make heating of the room turn on
Make room heating decrease by one degree
Make room heating go down by one degree
Make room heating go up by one degree
Make room heating increase by one degree
Make room temperature decrease by one degree
Make room temperature go down by one degree
Make room temperature go up by one degree
Make room temperature increase by one degree
Make sure that the room doesn't exceed 63 degrees Fahrenheit
Make the AC on fan mode for more ventilation
Make the air conditioner on
Make the display switch off for the time being
Make the heater blow more air
Make the heating higher
Make the heating lower
Make the heating temperature higher
Make the heating temperature lower
Make the man put them in if he has to.
Make the menu go away
Make the room have air conditioner
Make the room have heating
Make the room status screen off
Make the room temperature higher
Make the room temperature lower
Make the selection for the eleventh one
Make the temperature drop lower by 3 degrees
Make this room 10 degrees  higher
Make this room colder by decreasing the temperature around 10 degrees
Make this room have heating
Make this room slightly colder
May I have more bath amenities
Must I check out at the front desk?
My preference is the eleventh one
My room does not need heating anymore
My room needs a fan
My room needs cleaning service
My room needs room cleaning services
My room needs to have heating
My room needs to turn off the heating
My room needs to turn on the heating
Ninth one
No more alarm menu
No more amenities please, I have everything I need
No more wake up call, please
Number eight
Number eleven
Number fifteen
Number five
Number four
Number fourteen
Number nine
Number one
Number seven
Number six
Number sixteen
Number ten
Number thirteen
Number three
Number twelve
Number two
Open facility information
Open home screen
Open hotel facility information
Open hotel facility information, now
Open hotel information
Open hotel information now
Open hotel information on screen
Open hotel introduction
Open information on hotel facilities
Open room information
Open room service
Open room status
Open status of the room
Open staus of the room
Open the alarm
Open the alarm app
Open the alarm display
Open the alarm function
Open the alarm page
Open the alarm window
Open the concierge app
Open the concierge on the screen
Open the concierge screen
Open the room status
Open the timer
Open the timer and count 10 minutes
Open the timer for me
Open to all levels of experience and age.
Open up room information
Organize a 6 AM wakeup call for me
Organize a wakeup call for tomorrow morning 8:30 sharp
Pause the time
Pause the timer
Pause the timer now
Pick the first one
Place a request for a wake up call
Place a request for a wake up call at 8AM, daily
Place a request for amenities
Place a request for bathroom amenities
Place a request for check out
Place a request to cancel the wake up call
Place an amenities request
Please cancel the order I've placed
Please cancel the wake up call
Please check the time for hotel check in
Please choose number one
Please choose the first one
Please close out of the hotel facility information for now
Please close out of the screen with all the hotel information
Please close out of the screen with hotel facility information
Please close the main menu for the time being
Please close the screen with the hotel introduction now
Please dim all the lights near the bed
Please dim the lights near the bed
Please direct the main menu to another page
Please drop the temperature of the room by 6 degrees
Please drop the temperature of this place by 8 degrees
Please end alarm
Please exit completely the screen with the hotel information
Please exit out of room information screen
Please exit the alarm
Please exit the alarm app
Please exit the alarm screen
Please exit the alarm window
Please give me a ring at 5AM tomorrow
Please give me a wake up call at 8AM
Please give me information on hotel facilities
Please have the front desk give me a morning call at 8AM
Please help me connect to the wifi 
Please help me increase the room temperature by 20 degrees
Please help me with the check out
Please help me with the late check out 
Please keep the room cold during the night
Please launch all hotel facilities information
Please launch main display
Please launch main menu, now
Please launch room information
Please make hotel details available to me
Please make sure the temperature stays above 58 degrees Fahrenheit
Please make the AC stronger
Please make the temperature drop by 9 degrees
Please make this room pitch black
Please navigate me to the home menu
Please open information on hotel facilities
Please open information on hotel facilities, now
Please place an order for more conditioner
Please provide me with more Information about the check-in process
Please quit the screen now
Please request a late check out
Please schedule a daily morning call for 8am this week
Please select number one
Please select the first one
Please select the option on the bottom of the list
Please set the morning call for 6PM on Friday
Please set the thermostat to room temperature
Please set up a wake up call for today at 8PM
Please set up a wake up call tomorrow
Please show hotel facilities
Please show hotel facility information
Please show hotel information
Please show me all hotel facilities
Please show me hotel facilities
Please show me how to connect to the wifi 
Please show me the wifi password. I need to connect to it immediately
Please shut off all the central lights, immediately
Please stop showing me the status of this room
Please stop the timer
Please switch on the master lights
Please tell me information on hotel facilities
Please tell me more information on hotel facilities
Please tell me the number to the front desk
Please tell me the status of the bathroom lights
Please turn down the thermostat to the lowest possible setting
Please turn off all the heating in the room, it's getting too warm
Please turn off all the lamps in the room
Please turn off the AC, immediately
Prepare a 7 AM wakeup call
Prepare a wakeup call for 7 AM
Prepare an alarm for me for Tuesday 11 AM
Proceed with check out
Provide check-in details
Provide check-in details for the hotel
Provide check-in information
Provide check-in time
Provide check-out details
Provide check-out details for the hotel
Provide check-out information
Provide check-out time
Provide me with a wake up call
Provide me with a wake up call 
Provide me with a wake up call on Monday at 5AM
Provide me with check-in details
Provide me with check-in information
Provide me with check-in time
Provide me with check-out details
Provide me with check-out information
Provide me with check-out time
Provide me with information on this room
Provide room information
Pull up information for hotel check-in
Pull up the alarm
Pull up the alarm display
Pull up the alarm menu
Pull up the alarm screen
Pull up the alarm window
Pull up the weather for today
Pull up today's weather
Put an end to the wake up call
Put away the alarm app
Put away the alarm screen
Put away the amenities list
Put away timer app
Put in a request for amenities
Put in a request for an alarm clock
Put in a request for bath amenities
Put in a request for check out
Put in a request for concierge services
Put in a request for hotel wake up service
Put in a request for one face towel
Put in a request for room amenities
Put in a request for room cleaning
Put in a request to cancel the wake up call
Put the concierge screen away
Put the help page up
Put the help screen up
Quit amenities screen
Quit facility information
Quit facility information of the hotel
Quit hotel introduction
Quit information about hotel facilities
Quit information about hotel facilities, now
Quit it
Quit now
Quit now facility information
Quit room information screen
Quit room service screen
Quit screen on hotel facilities
Quit screen on hotel facilities, now
Quit screen on hotel facility, now
Quit screen with room information
Quit the concierge app
Quit the help page
Quit the hotel information screen
Quit the screen on in-room service
Quit the screen on room service
Register a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Register a wake up call for 5AM this Thursday
Remind me again, what's the wifi password?
Remind me if I have a wakeup call
Remind me if there is a wakeup call for my room
Remove my wakeup call
Remove the wakeup call
Request a change in time for the wake up call
Request a daily morning call for 6AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM 
Request a late check out
Request a morning call at 8AM
Request a record of my payment during checkout
Request a wake up call
Request bath amenities
Request check out
Request for a normal check out right now
Request for normal check out
Request front desk for a wake up call
Request front desk for amenities
Request the front desk to cancel the wake up call
Request the front desk to register me a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
Request the hotel wake up service
Request to have more alarm clocks in the room
Request to receive a morning call at 5AM everday
Request to see all scheduled wake up calls
Requesting checkout
Requesting concierge service
Ring an alarm at 8:30 PM
Room air conditioner needs to be off
Room air conditioner needs to be on
Room heating needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be highered to 30 degrees Celsius
Room heating needs to be increased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be off
Room heating needs to be on
Room heating needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room heating should increase by one degree
Room is too hot, turn off the heating
Room service screen can be closed now
Room temp should decrease by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be higher
Room temperature needs to be increased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be lower
Room temperature needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Room temperature needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to go down
Room temperature needs to go up
Room temperature should increase by two degrees
Run a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Run the timer
Run the timer for 30 minutes
Run the timer for me
Schedule a daily morning for 8:30AM
Schedule a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Schedule a wake up call
Schedule a wake up call for Tuesday 10AM
Schedule me a daily wake up call for 9PM
Search for all hotel amenities
Search for check-in time for the hotel
Search for the time for hotel check-in
Search for the wifi password of the room
Search for upcoming wake up calls
Second one
See amenities at this hotel
See hotel amenities
See hotel check-out time
See information for hotel check-in
See time for hotel check-out
See upcoming wake up calls
Select number one
Select the eight one
Select the eleventh one
Select the fifteenth one
Select the fifth one
Select the first one
Select the fourteenth one
Select the fourth one
Select the ninth one
Select the second one
Select the second option available on the screen
Select the seventh one
Select the sixteenth one
Select the sixth one
Select the tenth one
Select the third one
Select the thirteenth one
Select the twelfth one
Send for more amenities
Send up more amenities
Set a daily morning call at 7AM
Set a timer
Set a timer for 1 hour
Set a timer for me
Set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM
Set air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set an alarm for 8 AM
Set an alarm for 8 AM tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for 8 o'clock in the morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 AM Monday morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for Monday 8 o'clock
Set room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioner to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioner to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater in the room to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the heater to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heating temperature higher
Set the heating temperature lower
Set the room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature higher
Set the room temperature lower
Set the room temperature to 23 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be one degree lower than now
Set up a 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a 10 PM alarm for today
Set up a 4 AM wakeup call
Set up a 8 AM alarm for tomorrow
Set up a Monday 10 AM alarm
Set up a Monday 10 AM alert
Set up a Monday 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a daily morning call for 6
Set up a morning call for 7am on Tuesday
Set up a timer
Set up a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Set up a timer for me
Set up a wake up call at 8AM
Set up a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM tomorrow
Set up wakeup alarm for tomorrow morning
Set wake up call for Monday 9AM
Set wakeup call for tomorrow morning at 9 AM
Seventh one
Show check-in details
Show check-in details for the hotel
Show check-in for hotel reservation
Show check-in information for the hotel
Show check-in time
Show check-in time for my hotel reservation
Show check-in time for the hotel
Show check-out details
Show check-out details for the hotel
Show check-out for hotel reservation
Show check-out information for the hotel
Show check-out time
Show check-out time for the hotel
Show details about the hotels
Show details for check-in
Show details for check-out
Show details for hotel check-in
Show facility information
Show front desk number
Show hotel check-in details
Show hotel check-in information
Show hotel check-in time
Show hotel check-out details
Show hotel check-out information
Show hotel check-out time
Show hotel details on check-in
Show hotel details on check-out
Show hotel facilities
Show hotel facility information
Show hotel information on check-in
Show hotel information on check-out
Show hotel introduction
Show information for hotel check-in
Show list of all hotel amenities
Show me a list of all amenities
Show me about check-in
Show me about check-out
Show me all hotel facilities
Show me all hotel services
Show me amenities
Show me check-in details
Show me check-in details for the hotel
Show me check-in information
Show me check-in time
Show me check-out details
Show me check-out details for the hotel
Show me check-out information
Show me check-out time
Show me curtain status
Show me details about the hotel
Show me details on check-in
Show me details on check-out
Show me details on the hotel check-out
Show me facility information
Show me front number
Show me home display
Show me home screen
Show me hotel details for check-in
Show me hotel details for check-out
Show me hotel facilities
Show me hotel facility information
Show me how much time is left
Show me how to exit out of the main menu
Show me how to lower the temperature of the room by 3 degrees
Show me information about the hotel
Show me information on check-in
Show me information on check-out
Show me main display
Show me options for room service
Show me room information
Show me some information about the room
Show me status of the room darkening curtain, now
Show me the air conditioning status
Show me the alarm
Show me the alarm app
Show me the alarm display
Show me the alarm function
Show me the alarm menu
Show me the alarm window
Show me the check-in time
Show me the check-out time
Show me the concierge
Show me the concierge on screen
Show me the concierge screen
Show me the current room temperature
Show me the help page
Show me the help screen
Show me the help window
Show me the hotel's amenities
Show me the number of the front desk
Show me the room temperature
Show me the sheer curtain status
Show me the status of the room heating
Show me the status on air conditioner
Show me the timer screen
Show me the weather for this area
Show me the weather for today
Show me the wifi network I can use
Show me the wifi password for the room
Show me this hotel's facilities
Show me time for hotel check-in
Show me today's weather
Show me tomorrow morning's weather
Show me weather at 8PM
Show me what options are available for room service
Show me what time check-in is
Show me what time check-out is
Show me what time the hotel check-in is
Show me what time the hotel check-out is
Show me wifi password
Show more about hotel facilities
Show more information on this hotel
Show options for room service
Show room information
Show room status
Show status of current temperature of room
Show status of room's air conditioner
Show status of the room
Show the alarm display
Show the alarm menu
Show the alarm page
Show the check-in information
Show the check-in time
Show the check-out information
Show the check-out time
Show the temperature of the room
Show time for hotel check-in
Show time for hotel check-out
Show time to check-out
Show what options are available for room service
Show what time check-in is
Show what time check-out is
Show when to check-in
Show wifi
Show wifi password
Show wifi password for the room
Shut down alarm
Shut down the alarm
Shut down the alarm app
Shut down the alarm screen
Shut down the alarm window
Shut off alarm
Shut off the alarm
Shut off the alarm display
Shut off the alarm screen
Shut off the help page
Shut off the screen with the hotel introduction, immediately.
Shut off the timer
Shutdown timer app
Sixteenth one
Sixth one
Start a timer
Start a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes 15 seconds
Start a timer for me
Status of the room temperature
Stop alarm now
Stop countdown
Stop the alarm
Stop the timer
Stop timer app
Switch off air conditioner for the room
Switch off heating for the room
Switch off room service screen
Switch off the air conditioner
Switch off the heating
Switch on air conditioner for the room
Switch on heating for the room
Switch on the air conditioner
Switch on the heating
Switch the mode so that the air conditioner is off
Switch the time for the wake up call
Take me to the help page
Tell me about check-out
Tell me about room status
Tell me about status of the room
Tell me about this hotel's check-in policy
Tell me check-in details
Tell me check-in details for the hotel
Tell me check-in for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-in for my reservation
Tell me check-in time
Tell me check-out details
Tell me check-out details for the hotel
Tell me check-out for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-out for my reservation
Tell me check-out time
Tell me details about check-in
Tell me details about check-out
Tell me details about hotel check-in
Tell me details about hotel check-out
Tell me facility information
Tell me front number
Tell me hotel facility information
Tell me hotel facility information, now
Tell me hotel reservation check-in time
Tell me hotel reservation check-out time
Tell me if I set up a wakeup call
Tell me information on check-in
Tell me information on check-out
Tell me more about check-in
Tell me more about check-out
Tell me more information about check-in
Tell me more information about check-out
Tell me more information about hotel check-in
Tell me more information about hotel check-out
Tell me more information on hotel facilities
Tell me some information on air conditioning
Tell me the current room temperature
Tell me the front desk number
Tell me the hotel check-in hours
Tell me the password for the current wifi
Tell me the room temperature
Tell me the status of the air conditioner
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain?
Tell me the status of the room heating
Tell me the temperature of the room
Tell me the time for hotel check-in
Tell me the time for hotel check-out
Tell me the weather for today
Tell me the weather forecast
Tell me the weather forecast for this afternoon
Tell me the wifi password
Tell me the wifi password for the room
Tell me today's weather
Tell me today's weather forecast
Tell me what I need to do to check out of this hotel
Tell me what options are available for room service
Tell me what the weather will be like on Tuesday
Tell me what time check-in is
Tell me what time check-out is
Tell me what time the hotel check-in is
Tell me what time the hotel check-out is
Tell me when 30 minutes have passed
Tell me when 30 minutes pass
Tell me when check-in is
Tell me when check-out is
Tell me which wifi network I can use
Tell the front desk that I need amenities
Temperature of room needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the air conditioning needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the heating needs to lower by one degree
Tenth one
Terminate main screen
Terminate the alarm
Terminate the alarm app
Terminate the alarm menu
Terminate the alarm page
Terminate the alarm screen
Terminate the alarm window
Terminate the concierge app
Terminate the concierge screen
Terminate the help page
Terminate timer
Terminate timer app
Terminate timer screen
The AC in the room isn't strong enough
The AC is not blowing strong enough
The AC needs to be turned up
The information I'm requesting is not found on the main menu
The information is not necessary, please turn it off
The information on the display is no longer useful  to me
The lights are hurting my eyes. I want to dim down the lights
The room does not need heating
The room doesn't feel as warm as I'd like it to be. Increase the temperature by 10 degrees
The room feels humid, can we turn on the AC?
The room is bright, please dim down the lights
The room is stuffy
The room is too bright, please turn off all the lights
The room is too dark, please turn on the lights
The room is warm enough, I don't need the heater anymore
The room isn't as warm as I need it to be
The room needs heating
The room needs to be much warmer
Third one
Thirteenth one
This room feels humid, please turn on the AC
This room is too bright, dim all the lights
This room isn't warm enough, please increase the temperature
This room needs a fan
This room needs to be slightly colder
Turn air conditioner off for the room
Turn air conditioner on for the room
Turn air conditioner up
Turn down air conditioner
Turn down air conditioner by one degree
Turn down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn down room heating
Turn down room heating by one degree
Turn down room temperature
Turn down room temperature by one degree
Turn down temperature of the room by two degrees
Turn down the air conditioning of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating
Turn down the heating of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating temperature
Turn down the lights, please
Turn down the thermostat as far as it can go, please
Turn heating off for the room
Turn heating temperature higher
Turn heating temperature lower
Turn heating temperature up
Turn heating up
Turn it off
Turn off alarm
Turn off heating now
Turn off room heating
Turn off screen with room status
Turn off screen with status of the room
Turn off the air conditioner
Turn off the alarm page
Turn off the concierge app
Turn off the heating
Turn off the help page
Turn off the list of amenities
Turn off the room status
Turn off the screen with the room status
Turn off the status of the room
Turn off the timer
Turn off timer app
Turn on all the central lights so that I can see better
Turn on an alarm for Wednesday 8 AM
Turn on an alarm for me for Wednesday 8 o'clock in the morning
Turn on heating now
Turn on room heating
Turn on the air conditioner
Turn on the heating
Turn room temperature higher
Turn room temperature lower
Turn room temperature up
Turn the heating down
Turn the heating temperature down
Turn up air conditioner
Turn up air conditioner by one degree
Turn up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn up room heating
Turn up room heating by one degree
Turn up room temperature
Turn up room temperature by one degree
Turn up the air conditioner
Turn up the air conditioner now
Turn up the heating
Turn up the heating now
Turn up the heating temperature now
Turn up the room temperature
Turn up the room temperature now
Twelfth one
Wake me up at 9PM tonight
What amenities are available in this hotel?
What amenities are available?
What amenities could I use?
What are the digits to call the front desk?
What are the wifi details for the room? 
What details do you have about check in time?
What details do you have about check-in time?
What details do you have about the check-in?
What details do you have about the check-out?
What details do you have on hotel check-in
What details do you have on hotel check-out
What facilities does the hotel have?
What hotel facilities are available during the evening?
What hotel services are offered to me when I stay at this hotel?
What information can I have about check-in?
What information can I have about check-out?
What information can you give me about checking-in into this hotel?
What information can you give me about the check out?
What information can you give me about the check-in?
What information can you give me about the check-out?
What information do you have about hotel check-in?
What information do you have about hotel check-out?
What information is available on the home screen?
What information is available on the main screen?
What is room temperature right now?
What is the AC's lowest temperature setting?
What is the WiFi password for my room's internet service?
What is the check-in time?
What is the current condition of this room?
What is the current room temperature
What is the current room temperature?
What is the front number?
What is the normal check-in time? 
What is the number for the front desk?
What is the number to dial out for calls on the hotel phone?
What is the password for the room wifi?
What is the right temperature for the AC during the summer?
What is the time for check-out?
What is the weather for today?
What is the weather forecast for Monday?
What is the wifi password for the room?
What is the wifi password?
What is the wifi speed for this room?
What is today's weather?
What kind of amenities can I find here?
What kind of facilities are available for me in the hotel?
What kind of information can I find on the main screen?
What kinds of amenities does this hotel have?
What kinds of the facilities does the hotel have?
What room temperature is the room right now?
What services does the hotel offer?
What services does this hotel have?
What temperature should I set my AC?
What time am I allowed to check-in?
What time can I check-in for my reservation
What time can I check-in?
What time can I check-out?
What time do I have to check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check-in for today
What time is check-in?
What time is check-out for my hotel reservation
What time is check-out for today
What time is check-out?
What time is the check-in for the hotel reservation
What time is the check-in? 
What time is the check-out for the hotel reservation
What time is the latest check-out?
What time will I be able to check-in?
What time will I be able to check-out?
What tools can I use to cut my nails?
What types of amenities does the hotel offer?
What will the main menu show me?
What will the weather be like on Monday?
What's the air conditioning status?
What's the best room temperature to sleep comfortably?
What's the check out policy?
What's the current temperature of the room?
What's the earliest time I can check-in?
What's the extension number for the front desk?
What's the fastest way to check-in to the hotel? 
What's the fastest wind speed for the AC?
What's the fee to check out late?
What's the latest time I can check out of the hotel?
What's the latest time I can order room service?
What's the number to call the front desk?
What's the password for this room?
What's the process for checking into the hotel?
What's the right temperature for the heater during the summer?
What's the room temperature now?
What's the room temperature?
What's the status for the room heating?
What's the status of the AC in this room?
What's the status of the room temperature?
What's the status on the air conditioner?
What's the temperature like at 8PM
What's the weather like at 3PM?
What's the wifi password for this room?
When am I allowed to check-in for my room?
When am I allowed to check-in?
When am I allowed to check-out?
When can I check into the hotel?
When can I check-in for my reservation
When can I check-in to my hotel?
When can I check-in to the hotel?
When can I check-in?
When can I check-out from the hotel?
When can I check-out to my hotel?
When can I check-out to the hotel?
When can I check-out to this hotel?
When can I check-out?
When checking out, do I need to return my card key?
When could I check in?
When do I check-in?
When do I check-out?
When is check-in for the hotel?
When is check-in?
When is check-out for hotel reservation
When is check-out for the hotel?
When is check-out for the reservation?
When is check-out?
When is the best time to go and see the Lantern Festival today?
When is the check in time for the hotel today?
When is the check in time?
When is the check-in time at the hotel today?
When is the check-out for the hotel reservation
When is the check-out time for the hotel today?
When is the check-out time?
When is the latest check-out today?
When is the latest time I can check-out from this room
When may I check out to the hotel?
When may I check-in to the hotel?
When may I check-out to the hotel?
When should I check out?
When should I check-in?
When should I check-out?
Where is the concierge located? I need to check-in soon 
Which room darkening curtain is closed now?
Which wifi can I use now?
Why is the AC blasting? I want to turn it off
Why isn't my phone connecting to the wifi?
Why isn't my wifi working?
Why isn't the room cold right now? Please turn up the AC
Why isn't this room at room temperature? It's too cold
Will the front desk send me additional amenities if I call them?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using my computer?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using the phone?
Will you darken the room?
Will you decrease the temperature of the room by 10 degrees ?
Will you exit out of the main screen for now?
Will you help me check out of the hotel?
Will you make sure the room temperature stays below 63 degrees Fahrenheit?
Will you make this room colder?
Will you please make the temperature of the room to 53 degrees Fahrenheit
Will you quit the home display since I'm done looking at it?
Will you reduce the temperature by 7 degrees ?
Will you turn off the lights near the bed?
Would it be too cold if I set the AC to 20  degrees Celsius?
Would you please get me concierge services?
Would you please give me a wakeup call at 10 AM?
You can close the amenities list
You can close the concierge screen
You can close the help page
You can close the screen with the status of the room
You can close the timer now
You can end the timer app
You can leave the help page now
You can put the timer away
You can shut down the alarm
You can shut down the alarm app
You can stop updating me on the status of the room now