Access the concierge app
Adjust the time scheduled for the wake up call
Air conditioner needs to be higher
Air conditioner needs to be lower
Air conditioner needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be brought down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be brought up by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be lowered by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Air conditioning needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be turned up by two degrees
Alert me when it is Tuesday 3 PM
Alert me when it's 8 o'clock
Arrange an alarm for 10 PM tomorrow night
Arrange an alarm for 6 PM this evening
Arrange an alarm for 8 AM
Arrange an alarm for 8:30 in the morning
Arrange an alarm for Tuesday and Thursday 7 o'clock PM
Arrange wakeup alarm for Tuesday 9:30 AM
Arrange wakeup call for tomorrow 9 AM
Ask for a wakeup call tomorrow at 8 AM
Ask for additional linen
Ask for another bathrobe
Ask for change in bedding
Ask for change in linen
Ask for more amenities
Ask for more bathroom amenities
Ask housekeeping for a new set of bath towels
Ask housekeeping for a pair of slippers
Ask housekeeping for bath amenities
Ask housekeeping for big towels
Ask housekeeping for fresh linens
Ask housekeeping for some slippers
Ask housekeeping to bring more towels
Ask the front desk for amenities
Assist me in getting a wake up call
Assist me with the check out
Assist with check out process
Book a concierge
Bring down air conditioner
Bring down air conditioner by one degree
Bring down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring down room temperature
Bring down room temperature by one degree
Bring down the room temperature by one degree
Bring me more water
Bring me to the main menu
Bring more amenities
Bring up air conditioner
Bring up air conditioner by one degree
Bring up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Bring up more amenities
Bring up room temperature
Bring up room temperature by one degree
Bring up some information about the gym
Bring up the alarm
Bring up the alarm app
Bring up the alarm display
Bring up the alarm menu
Bring up the alarm window
Bring up the concierge app
Bring up the help page
Bring up the help screen
Bring up the help window
Bring up the hotel's amenities
Bring up the main menu, now
Bring up the timer
Bring up the timer app
Bring up the weather for this location
Bring up the weather for today
Bring up today's weather
Call me tomorrow at 7AM
Can I access the help page?
Can I bring down the temperature of the AC by 2 degrees ?
Can I bring my children with me into the sauna room?
Can I change the wifi password? 
Can I check out a few hours later?
Can I check out a little later than 11 AM?
Can I check out late of my room this afternoon?
Can I check out now since I don't have any additional fees to pay?
Can I check out now?
Can I check out of my room?
Can I check out of the hotel at any time?
Can I check out through my laptop?
Can I check out using my smartphone?
Can I check-in before noon? 
Can I check-in early? 
Can I check-in to the hotel now? I am a bit early
Can I check-in using the phone?
Can I check-in without a driver's license?
Can I check-in without an ID
Can I check-in without my credit card?
Can I check-in without my reservation number?
Can I checkout without returning to the front desk?
Can I get a new bathrobe?
Can I get a pair of slippers?
Can I get a timer set?
Can I get a wakeup alarm in the morning?
Can I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Can I get a wakeup call?
Can I get an amenity?
Can I get concierge service?
Can I get extra towels?
Can I get new bedding?
Can I have a timer set?
Can I have new towels?
Can I order an amenity?
Can I request extra bathroom amenities?
Can I request for an extra pair of slippers?
Can I request for bedding?
Can I request for more amenities?
Can I request fresh linens?
Can I request to have a morning call at 7:30AM?
Can I set up a wakeup call for Monday morning 8 o'clock?
Can I take back the wakeup call request?
Can I talk to a concierge?
Can the front desk wake me up at 8:30AM on Tuesday?
Can we set up a wakeup call for tomorrow 8:30 AM?
Can you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Can you arrange an alarm for noon today?
Can you arrange an alarm for this afternoon?
Can you arrange for a wakeup call at 7 AM on Tuesday?
Can you ask for more towels?
Can you bring me new towels?
Can you bring me some amenities?
Can you bring new towels up to my room?
Can you cancel my morning wakeup call?
Can you cancel the alarm?
Can you cancel the wake up call, please?
Can you cancel the wakeup call?
Can you change my old towels?
Can you check the room lights, please?
Can you check-in early at a hotel?
Can you close all the curtains?
Can you close the list of amenities
Can you close the timer app?
Can you close the timer window?
Can you close the timer?
Can you decrease the air conditioner?
Can you decrease the room heating?
Can you decrease the room temperature?
Can you display the alarm screen?
Can you display the alarm?
Can you end the alarm?
Can you exit the list of amenities
Can you find out what time check-in is?
Can you find out what time check-out is?
Can you find out what time the check-in is?
Can you find out what time the check-out is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you get me a concierge?
Can you get me amenities?
Can you get me more amenities?
Can you get rid of the wakeup call?
Can you get the concierge on screen?
Can you give me a menu?
Can you halt the timer?
Can you have a timer measure 20 minutes?
Can you help me with the wifi?
Can you increase air conditioner?
Can you increase the heating temperature?
Can you increase the room heating?
Can you increase the room temperature?
Can you increase the temperature of the room by 7 degrees?
Can you list up all the hotel facilities?
Can you look up what the wifi is?
Can you look up what the wifi password is?
Can you look up what time check-out is?
Can you look up what time the check-in is?
Can you look up what time the check-out is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you look up when I can check-in?
Can you look up when I can check-out?
Can you make an alarm for 6:30 PM?
Can you make an alarm for next Tuesday 3 PM?
Can you make this room 5 degrees  higher?
Can you monitor the status of this room, please?
Can you open all the curtains?
Can you open curtains
Can you open room darkening curtains
Can you open sheer curtains
Can you open the alarm screen?
Can you open the alarm window?
Can you open the timer's screen?
Can you open the timer?
Can you organize a wakeup call for Sunday?
Can you pause the timer?
Can you please set up a wakeup call for Wednesday?
Can you prepare a Monday alarm for 10 in the morning?
Can you prepare a Monday morning alarm for 10?
Can you prepare an alarm for 8 o'clock AM?
Can you provide me with details regarding the wifi? 
Can you provide more info on this room?
Can you put the help page up?
Can you remind me if I arranged for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if I made arrangements for a wakeup call?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup alarm?
Can you remind me if there is a wakeup call?
Can you remove the morning wakeup call?
Can you replace my slippers?
Can you request some room amenities for me
Can you select number one
Can you select the first one
Can you send me a wakeup call?
Can you send up more towels?
Can you set a 1 hour 30 minute timer?
Can you set a timer?
Can you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Can you set up a timer for me?
Can you set up a timer?
Can you show me information on this room
Can you show me the alarm menu?
Can you show me the current condition of this room?
Can you show me the daily weather forecast?
Can you show me the help page?
Can you show me the home screen?
Can you show me the weather for tomorrow?
Can you show me the wifi password again?
Can you show me what the wifi is?
Can you show me what the wifi password is?
Can you show me what time check out is?
Can you show me what time check-in is?
Can you show me what time check-out is?
Can you show me what time the check-in is?
Can you show me what time the check-out is?
Can you show me what time the gym opens?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you show me when I can check-in?
Can you show me when I can check-out?
Can you show the alarm display?
Can you show the help page on the screen?
Can you shut down the alarm?
Can you shut off the alarm app?
Can you shut off the alarm screen?
Can you shut off the alarm?
Can you shut off the timer?
Can you start a 1 hour timer?
Can you start a timer for me?
Can you start a timer?
Can you stop the alarm?
Can you stop the timer?
Can you tell me more details about the check-in process?
Can you tell me the password for the wifi?
Can you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Can you tell me the weather for today?
Can you tell me the wifi password?
Can you tell me today's weather?
Can you tell me what the password for the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi is?
Can you tell me what the wifi password is?
Can you tell me what time I am allowed to check in?
Can you tell me what time check-in is?
Can you tell me what time check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the check-out is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Can you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Can you tell me when I can check-in?
Can you tell me when I can check-out?
Can you tell me where I can get a tourist's conversation book for Korean?
Can you tell me where my car is parked?
Can you tell me which floor the sauna is located?
Can you try and book me a ticket for the Seoul City Tour Bus?
Can you turn off the air conditioner?
Can you turn off the heater for now?
Can you turn off the heating?
Can you turn on the air conditioner?
Can you turn on the heating?
Can you turn the alarm off?
Can you wake me up tomorrow at 5AM?
Can your decrease the heating temperature?
Cancel all wake up calls
Cancel my wakeup call
Cancel scheduled wake up call
Cancel the concierge screen
Cancel the scheduled wake up call
Cancel the wakeup call
Change out all the bath mats in the bathroom
Change the bedding
Change the bedroom linen
Change the time for the wake up call
Change the time of my wakeup call
Change times for the morning call
Change times for the wake up call
Change wakeup call details
Check air conditioner status
Check for the air conditioner status of the room
Check for the hotel check-in information
Check for the hotel check-in time
Check for the hotel check-out information
Check for upcoming wake up calls
Check if the temperature of the room dropped yet. I want to lower it by 3 degrees
Check me out
Check me out of my room
Check on the status of air conditioner
Check room heating status
Check room status
Check room temperature
Check status of the room darkening curtain
Check the check-in time
Check the check-out time
Check the room and tell me its status
Check the room temperature
Check the room temperature now
Check the room temperature right now
Check the status of sheer curtains
Check the status of the air conditioner
Check the status of the room
Check the status of the room heating
Check the status of the sheer curtains
Check the wifi password
Check the wifi password for the room
Check the wifi password, now
Check to see if there are any wake up calls coming up
Check what amenities are available
Check which curtains are closed
Check which wifi is available
Check with house keeping for 2 extra blankets
Choose the first one
Close all curtains to darken the room
Close all curtains, now
Close all the curtains
Close all the curtains in this room
Close amenities list
Close dining information screen
Close facility information
Close facility information of the hotel
Close facility information of the hotel, now
Close gym information
Close gym information screen
Close hotel introduction
Close in-room dining screen
Close information about hotel facilities, now
Close information about hotel facility
Close information about hotel gym
Close information about hotel sauna
Close information about hotel swimming pool
Close now the screen with hotel information
Close off sheer curtains
Close off the curtains
Close off the curtains in this room
Close off the room darkening curtains
Close out of in-room dining screen
Close out of room dining screen
Close out of room service screen
Close out of the room status screen, I am done using it
Close room dining screen
Close room service screen
Close room status
Close sauna information
Close sauna information screen
Close screen on gym
Close screen on gym hours
Close screen on gym information
Close screen on hotel facilities, now
Close screen on hotel facility
Close screen on hotel gym
Close screen on hotel sauna
Close screen on hotel swimming pool
Close screen on in-room service
Close screen on room dining
Close screen on room service
Close screen on sauna
Close screen on sauna hours
Close screen on sauna information
Close screen on swimming pool
Close screen on swimming pool hours
Close screen on swimming pool hours, now
Close screen on swimming pool information
Close screen on swimming pool, now
Close screen with room information
Close swimming pool information
Close swimming pool information screen
Close the alarm
Close the alarm app
Close the alarm display
Close the alarm menu
Close the alarm menu screen
Close the alarm screen
Close the alarm window
Close the amenities screen
Close the concierge
Close the concierge app
Close the concierge screen
Close the curtains
Close the curtains, now
Close the help page
Close the hotel information screen
Close the list of amenities
Close the list of services
Close the room curtains now
Close the room darkening curtains
Close the room darkening curtains, now
Close the room information screen
Close the room sheer curtains now
Close the room's darkening curtains, now
Close the screen on hotel information
Close the screen on hotel introduction
Close the service information page now
Close the sheer curtains
Close the sheer curtains, now
Close the status of the room
Close the timer window
Close timer app
Close timer window
Close up room darkening curtains in this place
Close up the curtains
Close up the curtains in the room
Close up the curtains, now
Close up the room darkening curtains
Close up the room darkening curtains in this place
Connect me to emergency services
Connect to emergency services
Contact emergency number
Contact emergency services
Contact the police right away
Control all the curtains and close them
Control room temperature and turn off air conditioner
Control room temperature and turn off heating
Control room temperature and turn on heating
Control room temperature by turning off the air conditioner
Control room temperature by turning on the air conditioner
Control the AC's wind speed, it's not strong enough
Control the room thermostat and set it as cold as possible
Control the temperature so that the air conditioner is on
Could I adjust the brightness of the bathroom lights?
Could I change the time for the wake up call?
Could I get a different masseuse this time at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
Could I get a paper cup and a lid, please?
Could I get a sewing kit sent to the room
Could I get a wakeup call at 8:30 AM?
Could I get fresh robes sent to my room?
Could I get hangers for pants?
Could I get more hampers sent to my room?
Could I get more hampers?
Could I get more hand towels?
Could I get more laundry bags sent to my room?
Could I get more water bottles?
Could I get new towels
Could I get one more shower cap sent to my room?
Could I get slippers sent to my room?
Could I get some blank sheets of printing paper?
Could I get some conditioner?
Could I get some crushed ice?
Could I get some ice?
Could I get some mouthwash sent to the room?
Could I get some nail clippers?
Could I get some new sheets, please?
Could I get some post-it notes?
Could I get you to call Loretta and tell her I've gone to Odessa?
Could I have Q-tips sent over to my room, immediately?
Could I have a vanity kit sent to my room?
Could I have an additional alarm clock?
Could I have an additional luggage chair?
Could I have cotton swabs sent over to my room, immediately?
Could I have femenine hygiene products sent to my room?
Could I have foam pillows delivered to the room?
Could I have sanitary pads sent to my room?
Could I have shopping bags sent to the room, please?
Could I have some ice delivered to my room?
Could I have some pencils sent to the room?
Could I have some tape and scissors sent to the room?
Could I have the decorative lamps near the bed turned off?
Could I make a request to have some individual boxes?
Could I pay for an additional stay? 
Could I place a request for a lint brush?
Could I place a request for a wake-up call for 9PM tonight?
Could I place a request for conditioner?
Could I place a request for femenine hygiene products?
Could I place a request for ice?
Could I place a request for some crushed ice?
Could I place a request for some tape?
Could I place a request for toothpaste?
Could I place a request to change the blankets?
Could I place a request to have more hampers sent to the room?
Could I place a request to have more hangers sent to the room?
Could I place a request to have more laundry bags sent to the room?
Could I place an order for 38 kid sized slippers?
Could I put in a request for more shower gel?
Could I request a wine glass?
Could I request an amenity
Could I request cocktails to be brought to the room?
Could I request for a champagne glass?
Could I request for a highball glass?
Could I request for a humidifier?
Could I request for a lint brush?
Could I request for a mug?
Could I request for foam pillow?
Could I request for ice?
Could I request for kid sized slippers
Could I request for slippers?
Could I request for some femenine hygiene products?
Could I request for some fresh linens?
Could I request for some hypoallergenic blankets?
Could I request housekeeping for a dehumidifier to help with the humidity?
Could I request housekeeping for a humidifier
Could I request more body lotion?
Could I request more shampoo?
Could I request some feather pillows to be sent to my room?
Could I schedule a morning call for 9:20AM Friday?
Could I turn off the lights in the bathroom?
Could I use a scale?
Could I use the swimming pool after checking out of the hotel?
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
Could the hotel secure my luggage after I check out?
Could we drop the temperature significantly? I want it to drop 15 degrees
Could we get additional shaving kits?
Could we increase the temperature of the room by 4 degrees?
Could we just talk about this for a second?
Could you arrange a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you automatically exit out of the page with the hotel information?
Could you bring up the alarm display?
Could you bring up the alarm menu?
Could you bring up the alarm window?
Could you bring up the alarm?
Could you call us a taxi that can be accessed by a wheelchair?
Could you change the bed sheets?
Could you check the room temperature?
Could you close all the curtains?
Could you close the screen with the hotel information as soon as possible?
Could you close the timer app?
Could you close the timer?
Could you exit out of the main menu for now?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you find out what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you give me a wakeup call?
Could you give me more information for hotel check in 
Could you give up email for five years?
Could you help me contact the front desk?
Could you hold my luggage before I check-in to the hotel? 
Could you increase room temperature by one degree
Could you just excuse us for one minute?
Could you keep my luggage while I wait to check-in?
Could you let me know if there's a time restriction to use the sauna?
Could you log out of the screen with the room information?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you look up what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you lower room temperature by one degree
Could you make sure that the room is extremely well heated?
Could you make the room brighter?
Could you make the temperature drop by 6 degrees?
Could you open all the curtains?
Could you open home?
Could you place a request for more napkins?
Could you place a request for more toilet paper?
Could you possibly have lunch with him today?
Could you provide me with more information about the gym
Could you remind me again what the wifi password is?
Could you select number one
Could you select the first one
Could you send me some lined paper?
Could you send me some quad ruled paper?
Could you send pant hangers?
Could you send some extra pant hangers?
Could you set a wakeup call for Monday 8:30 AM?
Could you set up a wakeup alarm for Monday 8 AM?
Could you share the check out policy? 
Could you show me in detail what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me information for hotel check in
Could you show me the number to the front desk? 
Could you show me what facilities the hotel has?
Could you show me what the wifi password is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you show me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you shut off the timer?
Could you slightly decrease the room's temperature
Could you slightly reduce the temperature of the room?
Could you slightly turn up the brightness
Could you switch off the heating for the room
Could you tell me about the room wifi
Could you tell me if the heating for the room is on?
Could you tell me information about the hotel gym?
Could you tell me information about the hotel sauna?
Could you tell me information about the hotel swimming pool?
Could you tell me more about the check out policy? 
Could you tell me the condition of my room?
Could you tell me the room temperature?
Could you tell me the status of the air conditioner?
Could you tell me the wifi password?
Could you tell me what I need to verify my information during check-in? 
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-in is?
Could you tell me what time the hotel check-out is?
Could you tell me where the sauna is located in the hotel?
Could you turn down air conditioner by one degree
Could you turn off the air conditioner?
Could you turn off the central heating system for now?
Could you turn off the heating?
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
Could you turn on the heating?
Could you turn on the table lamp?
Could you turn up air conditioner by one degree
Could you update me with information of hotel facilities?
Could you verify the check out time?
Could you wake me up tomorrow at 9AM?
DVD rentals are poised to equal video rentals next year.
Deactivate alarm
Decrease air conditioning temperature by one degree
Decrease room heating by one degree
Decrease the heating
Decrease the heating temperature
Decrease the room temperature
Decrease the room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking.
Delinquency, juvenile and adult, is at an all-time high!
Deliver 5 ball point pens to my room
Deliver extra slippers to the room
Deliver some ice to my room
Details on hotel check-out
Dial emergency number
Dial emergency services
Dial for help
Dial number for emergencies, now
Did I ask for a wakeup call?
Did I request a wakeup call?
Did I schedule a wake up call?
Did I schedule a wake up call? 
Did I schedule any wake up calls?
Did I set a wakeup alarm?
Did I set up a wakeup alarm?
Did the valet finish parking my vehicle?
Did they do that sort of thing way back in your day?
Did you arrange a wakeup call for me?
Did you put in a wakeup call request for me?
Dispatch emergency services
Display YouTube videos about attractions in Seoul
Display YouTube videos on K-pop
Display all YouTube videos on Korean food
Display check-in details
Display check-in details for the hotel
Display check-in details on screen
Display check-in information
Display check-in information on screen
Display check-in time
Display check-in time for my hotel reservation
Display check-in time on screen
Display check-out details
Display check-out details for the hotel
Display check-out details on screen
Display check-out for hotel reservation
Display check-out information
Display check-out information on screen
Display check-out time
Display check-out time for my hotel reservation
Display check-out time on screen
Display details of check-out on screen
Display details on hotel check-in
Display details on hotel check-out
Display hotel amenities
Display hotel check-in time
Display hotel check-out time
Display hotel reservation check-in time
Display hotel reservation check-out time
Display in-room dining options
Display information for hotel check-in
Display now the information on the room
Display options for room dining
Display options for room service
Display room dining
Display room information
Display room service
Display room status
Display service information
Display status of the room
Display the alarm
Display the alarm app
Display the alarm on the screen
Display the alarm screen
Display the alarm window
Display the concierge
Display the concierge on the screen
Display the concierge screen
Display the help page
Display the help screen
Display the timer
Display the timer screen
Display time for hotel check-in
Display time for hotel check-out
Display time to check-out the hotel
Display what options are available for in-room dining
Display what options are available for room dining
Display what options are available for room service
Emergency
Emergency number, now
Emergency services
Enable me to make changes to the status of my room
End alarm
End hotel introduction
End screen on gym
End screen on gym hours
End screen on in-room service
End screen on room dining
End screen on room service
End screen on sauna
End screen on sauna hours
End screen on swimming pool
End screen on swimming pool hours
End screen on swimming pool hours, now
End screen on swimming pool, now
End screen with room status
End screen with status of the room
End the alarm
End the alarm app
End the hotel information screen
End the wake up call
End timer
End timer screen
Exit amenities list
Exit amenities screen
Exit amenities window
Exit dining information screen
Exit facility information
Exit facility information of the hotel
Exit hotel introduction
Exit information about hotel facilities
Exit list of amenities
Exit out of amenities
Exit out of in-room dining screen
Exit out of room dining screen
Exit out of room service screen
Exit out of room status
Exit out of screen with room status
Exit out of screen with status of the room
Exit out of status of the room
Exit room information screen
Exit room status
Exit sauna information screen
Exit screen on gym
Exit screen on gym hours
Exit screen on hotel facilities
Exit screen on hotel gym
Exit screen on hotel information
Exit screen on hotel sauna
Exit screen on hotel swimming pool
Exit screen on in-room service
Exit screen on room dining
Exit screen on room service
Exit screen on sauna
Exit screen on sauna hours
Exit screen on swimming pool
Exit screen on swimming pool hours
Exit screen on swimming pool hours, now
Exit screen on swimming pool, now
Exit screen with room information
Exit screen with room status
Exit status of the room
Exit swimming pool information screen
Exit the alarm app
Exit the alarm display
Exit the alarm menu
Exit the alarm screen
Exit the alarm window
Exit the concierge app
Exit the concierge screen
Exit the concierge window
Exit the facility information screen 
Exit the gym information screen
Exit the help page
Exit the hotel information screen
Exit the in-room dining information screen
Exit the in-room dining screen
Exit the list of amenities
Exit the list of services
Exit the page on the hotel's room dining
Exit the room dining screen
Exit the room service screen
Exit the room service screen now
Exit the room status screen
Exit the screen on hotel information
Exit the screen on hotel introduction
Exit timer
Exit timer app
Exit timer screen
Fifteenth one
Fifth one
Find Seoul activities on YouTube
Find emergency number, dial it now
Find information about check-in
Find mama's relatives addresses in Italy, stuff like that
Find out check-in time
Find out check-out time
Find out if I can stay for one more night
Find out information about check-out
Find out the weather for today
Find out the weather forecast
Find out today's weather
Find out today's weather forecast
Find out what services this hotel has
Find out what time check-in is
Find out what time check-out is
Find out what time the hotel check-in is
Find out what time the hotel check-out is
Find some good traditional korean restaurants around the hotel for me
First one
Fourteenth one
Fourth one
Get a 8:30 morning alarm ready
Get an alarm ready for Monday morning 8 o'clock
Get an alarm ready for next Tuesday 3:30 PM
Get an alarm ready for tomorrow evening at 6
Get an alarm set for tomorrow evening at 6
Get emergency services on the phone
Get housekeeping to clear the trash can
Get me a concierge
Get me a few brown boxes to pack my things in
Get me forty mugs
Get me more room amenities
Get me the help page
Get me the timer screen
Get me the weather forecast for my area
Get me through to emergency services
Get me two mugs
Get more bathroom amenities
Get more luggage chairs
Get out of the alarm menu
Get out of the hotel information
Get rid of the amenities list
Get rid of the amenities screen
Get rid of the help page
Get rid of the timer
Get rid of wakeup call
Get the timer running
Give information for hotel check-in
Give me a 10 AM wakeup call
Give me a book
Give me a call at 5AM on Thursday
Give me a list of all amenities
Give me a list of all hotel services
Give me a list of amenities
Give me a morning call at 8:30AM Thursday
Give me a wakeup call at 12 PM
Give me a wakeup call tomorrow at 7 AM
Give me additional bath amenities
Give me additional bedding for the room
Give me an alert for 8:30 PM
Give me another highball glass
Give me another wine glass
Give me cheap brunch options close to this area please
Give me check-in details
Give me check-in information
Give me check-in time
Give me check-out details
Give me check-out information
Give me check-out time
Give me conditioner
Give me detail about the hotel swimming pool
Give me details about the hotel sauna
Give me details of the hotel gym
Give me details on check-in
Give me details on check-out
Give me details on hotel check-in
Give me dining information of the hotel
Give me dining options of the hotel
Give me eighteen pencils
Give me extra bathroom amenities
Give me extra linen for the room
Give me extra room amenities
Give me hotel check-in time
Give me hotel check-out time
Give me hotel reservation check-in time
Give me hotel reservation check-out time
Give me information about gym
Give me information about sauna
Give me information about swimming pool
Give me information about the hotel
Give me information for hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel check-in
Give me information on hotel facilities
Give me instructions on cancelling my drink order
Give me more bath amenities
Give me more hangers
Give me more information about the hotel
Give me more information about the hotel gym
Give me more information about the hotel sauna
Give me more information about the hotel swimming pool
Give me more sanitary bags
Give me more water
Give me room status
Give me some hotel information
Give me some more hangers to hang my pants
Give me some paper to take notes with
Give me the front desk number
Give me the help page
Give me the help screen
Give me the hotel's amenities
Give me the price for doing laundry at the hotel
Give me the status of the room
Give me three pencils
Give me time for hotel check-in
Give me time for hotel check-out
Give us the locations of popular restaurants near the hotel
Go out of the amenities screen
Go with number one
Go with the first one
Halt the timer
Have a fan brought to my room
Have a fan brought up to my room
Have a fan brought up to this room
Have a fan sent to my room
Have a fan sent to this room
Have a fan sent up to our room
Have a mug sent to my room
Have a scale sent to the room
Have a timer open for 15 minutes
Have a timer set for 1 hour
Have a timer set up for 30 minutes
Have a wake up call scheduled for 8:30AM tomorrow
Have a wakeup call prepared tomorrow 9:45 AM
Have a wakeup call ready for Monday 9:30 AM
Have an alarm prepared for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm ready for Monday night 8:30
Have an alarm set for Monday night 8:30
Have envelopes sent to the room
Have housekeeping send me more water, please
Have laundry bags sent to my room, immediately
Have more conditioner sent to my room
Have more face towels sent up to my room
Have more ice sent to my room
Have more water sent to my room
Have my car brought out and ready to go in five minutes
Have my hand towels sent up to my room
Have sanitary bags delivered to my room, immediately
Have shopping bags delivered to the room
Have some boxes for packing sent to the room, immediately
Have some extra laundry bags sent to my room, immediately
Have the class lie supine with knees apart and bent.
Have the front desk give me a morning call at 9AM
Have the front desk wake me up at 9AM tomorrow
Have toilet paper delivered to my room, immediately
Help me connect my phone to the wifi
Help me control the different settings of my room
Help me figure out the WIFI password for this room
Help me figure out the check-in time
Help me figure out the current status of this room
Help me figure out the wifi for the room
Help me figure out what time the fitness center opens
Help me find a way to increase the room's temperature by 5 degrees
Help me find something to eat right now
Help me go to the home screen
Help me quit screen with dining information
Help me reach a doctor
Help me reach the front desk
Help me rejuvenate my body, I want to use the sauna
Help me remember what time check-out is
Help me set up the password for the hotel safe
Help me turn off the AC  for now, I'll be leaving the hotel
Help me warm up the room
Help me with the check out
Help, I would like to pay for one more night
Help, the name under the reservation is misspelled. How can I check-in?
Helping the four porters had made them very, very tired.
Hotel reservation check-in time
How are the curtains?
How are the room darkening curtains?
How are the sheer curtains?
How can I access service information?
How can I book a spot for the shuttle service?
How can I check the password for the room's wifi?
How can I check the status of this room?
How can I control the different curtains in this room?
How can I decrease the room's temperature?
How can I extend the date of my check out?
How can I find out more information about the hotel and dining services?
How can I find the information regarding my room status?
How can I increase the room's temperature?
How can I make sure this room's temperature doesn't go below 50 degrees Fahrenheit?
How can I make this room colder? Drop the temperature by  10 degrees
How can I make time changes to my spa package reservations?
How can I reach the front desk?
How can I request more bath amenities
How can I turn off the main menu?
How can I verify the checkout time? 
How do I call another hotel room with my hotel phone?
How do I cancel my food order?
How do I check if the heater is working right now?
How do I check out online?
How do I find out the number to the front desk? 
How do I get wifi connection?
How do I increase the temperature in this room?
How do I know that this room is currently at room temperature?
How do I make the room warmer? Increase the overall temperature by 10 degrees
How do I notify the hotel that I will be arriving after the check-in time?
How do I place my order for room service
How do I request room service?
How do I set this place to room temperature?
How do I tip when I order room service?
How do I turn on all the lights for the room?
How much is the deposit to check-in? 
















I am about to check out
I am checking in very late, do I need to tell the concierge? 
I am done looking at the alarm menu
I am done trying to change the status of this room, please close screen now
I am done using the alarm screen
I am done viewing the screen with the dining information
I am done with the alarm function
I am done with the alarm menu
I am done with the alarm page
I am done with the alarm screen
I am done with the alarm window
I am done with the amenities
I am done with the amenities list
I am done with the concierge screen
I am done with the help page
I am done with the timer
I am feeling quite full
I am finished with the alarm screen
I am finished with the alarm window
I am finished with the concierge screen
I am finished with the help page
I am finished with the timer
I am going to choose the first one
I am going to need a wakeup call
I am going to pick number one
I am going to pick the 3rd one from the options shown on the screen
I am going to select number one
I am going to select the first one
I am not getting any internet signal in my hotel room
I am prepared to check out
I am putting the WiFi password in but it's not working
I am ready for bed, please turn off all the lights in this room
I am ready to check out
I am ready to sleep now, please turn off the lights in this room
I am requesting a set of face towels
I am requesting an emergency call
I am requesting bath amenities
I am requesting for a black marker
I am requesting for a highball glass
I am requesting for a pen
I am requesting for another wine glass
I am requesting for some A4 paper
I am requesting for some mailing envelopes
I am requesting for some pencils
I am requesting more body wash
I am requesting more shampoo
I am requesting new towels
I am requesting room amenities
I am requesting some sticky notes
I am running low on body lotion
I am running low on shampoo
I am selecting the third option to the left
I am set to checkout
I can't connect to the wifi
I can't feel the heat in this room
I can't find the check out info
I can't find the password to my room's WiFi network anywhere
I can't get the internet to work in my room
I can't remember the wifi
I can't remember the wifi password
I can't see anything, I want to increase the brightness of the room
I can't seem to connect to the wifi 
I can't seem to connect to the wifi, can you show me again?
I currently need to use a pencil
I currently need to use a rollerball pen
I demand a concierge
I demand a taxi
I demand a wakeup call tomorrow
I demand all eight boudoir pillows
I demand three boudoir pillows
I desire 2 ball point pens
I don't feel hot air blowing
I don't have a reservation number. Will this be a problem during check in? 
I don't have any more facial tissue paper
I don't have anymore soap
I don't have anymore water
I don't have enough hangers
I don't know all information about this room yet
I don't know all the information about this room yet
I don't know anything about this hotel, give me an introduction
I don't like anything on the menu, close the screen
I don't need information on the status of this room
I don't need the alarm menu
I don't need the alarm screen
I don't need the amenities screen
I don't need the concierge app
I don't need the concierge app anymore
I don't need the help page
I don't need the help page anymore
I don't need the menu anymore
I don't need the screen with the hotel introduction anymore
I don't need the timer anymore
I don't need the timer app
I don't need the wakeup alarm anymore
I don't need the wakeup call
I don't need the wakeup call anymore
I don't need to eat anymore
I don't need to know anymore information regarding the hotel room
I don't need to know information regarding the hotel room
I don't remember what time I should check-out from my room
I don't think the AC is blowing strong enough
I don't think the iron is working properly
I don't think the room is dark enough
I don't think the thermostat in my room is not working properly
I don't want any lights in the room
I don't want the AC to stop running
I don't want the wake up call anymore
I don't want this room to have air conditioning
I don't want to be cold anymore, turn off the AC
I don't want to look at the hotel  information page anymore
I don't want to look at the hotel restaurant options anymore
I don't want to see the list of amenities anymore
I don't require the guide anymore
I don't want light enter from the window
I don't want to look at room service options
I don't want to look at the menu anymore
I don't want to see the help page
I don't want to use room service
I don't need the screen with the room status anymore
I don't need to know the condition of my room anymore
I don't really know what sheer curtains are, can you tell me
I don't require the guide anymore
I don't think this room needs the heating anymore
I don't want the bathroom lights on anymore
I don't want this room to have heating
I don't want to go to the front desk, how can I check out? 
I don't want to see the help page
I don't want to see the status of my room anymore
I feel cold, is the heater on right now?
I feel comfortable in a room where it is 78 degrees Fahrenheit
I find no use for the page with the hotel information, please close now
I finished all the water in the room
I forgot my ID, can I still check-in?
I forgot the password for the wifi
I forgot the password to this room's wifi
I forgot the wifi password, could you show it to me?
I forgot to bring pads, can I make a request with the front desk?
I found all information on this hotel
I found all the information I needed about my hotel room
I found all the information I needed, please close the main menu
I found everything I've been looking for so close the deck, immediately











I just need to make this room slightly warmer. Increase the temperature by 3 degrees
I left my ID at home, how can I check-in to the hotel? 
I left my form of payment for the reservation. Can I still check-in?
I lost the reservation confirmation paper, how do I check-in?
I must have a wakeup call tomorrow
I must have an alarm clock
I must see the concierge app
I must speak to a concierge
I need Q-tips sent to my room
I need a body wash refill
I need a box
I need a call to wake me up in the morning
I need a champagne glass
I need a change in bath mats
I need a change in shower mats
I need a change in shower mats please
I need a change in towels please
I need a cocktail glass
I need a coffee cup sent to the room
I need a concierge
I need a couple of bobby pins so I was hoping the hotel has some
I need a different time for my wakeup call
I need a disposable cup and a lid
I need a doctor right away
I need a face towel
I need a fan
I need a fan brought to my room
I need a fan brought to this room
I need a fan brought up to my room
I need a fan sent to my room
I need a fan sent to this room
I need a fan sent up to this room
I need a fax machine to fax some documents over
I need a few more hangers to hang my clothes
I need a few more laundry bags
I need a few more wine glasses
I need a fountain pen
I need a full body wax done at the BOUTIQUE SPA tomorrow afternoon
I need a good workout
I need a highball glass
I need a highlighter sent to my room
I need a humidifier
I need a humidifier for my room
I need a humidifier in this room
I need a humidifier sent to my room, now
I need a large brown box sent to my room
I need a lint roller from the hotel or somewhere I can buy one
I need a luggage chair
I need a luggage rack
I need a mechanical pencil
I need a mechanical pencil sent to my room
I need a mug
I need a nail clipper
I need a new coat for winter but I want one with no fur
I need a new comb
I need a new set of toothbrush
I need a new set of towels
I need a new shaving kit
I need a new tooth brush
I need a new towel
I need a new vanity kit
I need a pen
I need a pen sent to my room
I need a pencil
I need a refill on body lotion
I need a refill on shampoo
I need a refill on soap
I need a roll of toilet paper
I need a scale
I need a scale sent to my hotel room
I need a shopping bag
I need a timer
I need a wake up call for Thursday at 6:30PM
I need a wake up call tomorrow
I need a wakeup alarm
I need a wakeup call
I need a wakeup call at 6:45 AM
I need a wakeup call at exacty 6:30 AM
I need a white sheet of paper
I need a wine glass
I need adhesive notes
I need all of my face towels replaced twice a day
I need all the hand towels replaced
I need amenities
I need amenities brought up
I need an alarm for Tuesday 8 o'clock AM
I need an alarm for tomorrow 8:30 AM
I need an alarm to wake up
I need an ambulance right away
I need an envelope
I need an extra alarm clock
I need an extra chair to put my luggage on
I need an extra comforter for my bed during the night time
I need an extra lid for my to-go cup
I need an extra luggage chair
I need an extra mug
I need an extra pair of slippers to be sent to my room
I need another cup
I need another set of tooth brushes
I need another shower cap
I need assistance with the check out
I need assistance, please call for help
I need bath towels
I need body lotion
I need body moisturizer
I need check out details for the hotel
I need check out information for the hotel
I need check-in details
I need check-in details for the hotel
I need check-in information
I need check-in information for the hotel
I need check-out details
I need check-out information
I need check-out information for the hotel
I need clean towels
I need concierge services
I need conditioner sent to the room
I need cotton balls, request vanity kit
I need cotton swabs sent to my room
I need dental floss
I need directions for a car to get from Everland to Jamsil station
I need drinking water
I need dry cleaning
I need emergency services
I need envelopes
I need extra bathroom amenities
I need extra clothes hangers
I need extra room amenities
I need extra towels
I need facility information
I need fifteen empty boxes
I need ice for my champagne, now
I need ice to drink my whiskey, please provide me with some ice
I need information about hotel gym
I need information about hotel sauna
I need information about hotel swimming pool
I need kid's slippers
I need kid's slippers, where can I make the request?
I need landry bags for my laundry
I need laundry bags
I need lined paper
I need lotion for my body
I need marking tape and scissors
I need medical assistance right away
I need more Q-tips
I need more bags for the laundry, all of them are full
I need more bath towels
I need more big towels
I need more body wash
I need more cotton buds
I need more cotton pads, send over a new vanity kit
I need more cotton swabs
I need more drinking water in my room
I need more face towels
I need more hand towels in the bathroom
I need more hangers
I need more hangers for my clothes
I need more hangers to hang my clothes
I need more information on hotel facilities
I need more laundry bags for my clothes
I need more laundry bags since I have a lot of clothes that need washing
I need more sanitary bags
I need more shampoo
I need more shower caps
I need more shower gel
I need more slippers in my room
I need more small towels
I need more toilet paper
I need more tooth paste, please
I need more ventilation in this room
I need more water
I need more water bottles
I need more wine glasses
I need mouthwash
I need my car parked but I don't need overnight parking
I need my trash thrown out
I need new bedding
I need new sheets brought up
I need new sheets for the bed
I need one roll of toilet paper
I need pant hangers
I need pant hangers from housekeeping
I need pant hangers sent to my room, immediately
I need paper for writing
I need pocket envelopes
I need post-it notes
I need post-it notes to jot down an important reservation number
I need printing paper
I need pull-out beds
I need room amenities
I need room amenities, please provide me with conditioner
I need room cleaning service
I need sanitary bags
I need sauna information
I need scissors
I need scratch paper
I need seven rolls of toilet paper
I need shampoo
I need shampoo sent to the room
I need sixteen bars of soap
I need slippers
I need soap
I need some amenities
I need some big towels
I need some blank sheets of A4 paper
I need some box tape and scissors
I need some boxes
I need some femenine hygiene products
I need some fresh towels in the bathroom
I need some hangers for my pants
I need some more bathroom items
I need some more conditioner sent up to my room
I need some more tooth paste
I need some more toothpaste sent up to my room
I need some nail files to trim my nails
I need some new towels
I need some over-the-counter medicine but I don't know where the pharmacy is
I need some pant hangers
I need some post-it notes
I need some post-its
I need some post-its to write down a few names
I need some sanitary pads
I need some scissors
I need some shopping bags
I need some sunlight, open up all the curtains in the room
I need someone to empty the trash can
I need something to blow my nose with
I need something to brush my hair with
I need something to cut with
I need something to help me check my weight
I need something to help with the thirst
I need something to pack my things with
I need something to pour my white wine in
I need something to wash my hands with
I need sticky notes
I need sticky notes for some memo
I need swimming pool information
I need tape and scissors
I need tape and scissors brought to my room
I need tape for boxes
I need ten boxes of tissue paper
I need the AC to be much stronger
I need the ambulance right away
I need the ambulance to get here as soon as possible
I need the bathroom lights turned off
I need the heating system to be turned on
I need the hotel's address so that I can order takeout food
I need the room cleaned
I need the temperature to decrease by 2 degrees
I need the weather for this location
I need this afternoon's weather forecast
I need this room to be warmer
I need three empty boxes brought to my room
I need three more bottles of water
I need to access the concierge app
I need to adjust the brightness of the lights
I need to alleviate my dehydration
I need to assemble the boxes
I need to be awake at 6AM tomorrow
I need to be woken up at 4AM on Thursday
I need to build a new doll house for Nancy
I need to call emergency services
I need to change my BOUTIQUE SPA reservation day and time
I need to change the date of my airport bus reservation
I need to check out now
I need to checkout
I need to come pick up my extra key
I need to contact the local emergency services for assistance
I need to dial the emergency number
I need to evaluate the benefits versus the losses.
I need to exchange a thousand US dollars into Korean won
I need to fix a minor repair, request sewing kit
I need to get a two-way airport shuttle ticket for tomorrow
I need to get daily wake up calls for 9AM
I need to get more shampoo from housekeeping
I need to get new glasses as soon as possible
I need to get reimbursed for a business expense, can I request an itemized receipt?
I need to get some ice for my soda
I need to get to Gangnam by 2 PM today
I need to get to the ER, immediately
I need to give you my word when yours is worth nothing
I need to go for a quick run, does the gym have treadmills available?
I need to hang my clothes
I need to have a morning call scheduled for 9AM tomorrow
I need to have a radiator in my room
I need to have thirty shaving kits
I need to have three shaving kits
I need to know check-in time for my reservation
I need to know check-out time for my reservation
I need to know hotel's dining information
I need to know if you think there's anything unusual about him
I need to know the hotel's dining information
I need to know the weather for Tuesday
I need to know the weather for today
I need to know today's weather
I need to know what the wifi password is
I need to make an emergency call
I need to memo something
I need to pack, request boxes
I need to place a request for some tampons to be sent to the room
I need to place an order for more crushed ice
I need to put bread on the list before I forget
I need to put in a request for some shower caps
I need to put in a request for some shower gel
I need to reach the nearest hospital
I need to request a wake up call
I need to request more hangers from the front desk
I need to request slippers for kids
I need to reschedule my spa appointment to another time tomorrow
I need to see the help page
I need to set up a morning call for 9AM
I need to shave
I need to take a look at the help page
I need to talk to a concierge
I need to tell her about these awesome shoes I just bought
I need to trim my nails
I need to use a computer but I don't have one of my own
I need to use a feminine hygiene wash, does the hotel have any?
I need to use a pen
I need to use a scale
I need to use an air purifier during my stay
I need to use lined paper
I need to view the help page
I need to write down a reservation number
I need toilet paper
I need tomorrow's weather for this location
I need twenty extra blankets
I need twenty-five more bottles of water
I need two bars of soap
I need two empty boxes
I need two extra blankets
I need you to arrange a 12 AM wakeup call for me
I need you to call emergency services
I need you to come up to Dutchess County and pick me up
I need you to connect me to emergency services
I need you to contact emergency services
I need you to get me a iPhone charger
I need you to give me a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I need you to give me a wakeup call on Sunday
I need you to give me carbonated water
I need you to pause the timer
I need you to power through the pain
I need you to prepare a wakeup call for 9AM Monday
I need you to replace these two bathrobes
I need you to step out of the car, sir
I need you to time something
I need your support, your criticism, your encouragement, your prayers.
I never could find out what his business was.
I never felt such a lowdown hound in my life.
I never get involved with coworkers, but he asked me and I said yes
I never heard my folks talk about her, though.
I never imagined a George Bush administration would nationalize banks.
I never left a source hung out to dry, ever
I never seen the guy get shot, I told you that
I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came
I never took out anybody who didn't have it coming
I never wanted any of it to change, but that's not how life works
I never would've taught you to read
I no longer need information about hotel menu
I no longer need the menu
I no longer want air conditioner for this room
I no longer want heating for this room
I no longer want to have the ceiling lights on
I no longer want to use room service
I no longer wish to be on this page, exit the home screen
I no longer wish to check the status of this room
I no longer wish to see the room status
I ran out body wash, please send more
I ran out of big towels
I ran out of body lotion
I ran out of body lotion, please send some to my room
I ran out of body wash
I ran out of body wash, please send more
I ran out of cotton pads in my vanity kit, please send new one
I ran out of cotton swabs, please send more
I ran out of feminine hygiene products
I ran out of hangers
I ran out of hangers, please send more
I ran out of ice
I ran out of sanitary bags
I ran out of shampoo, please send more
I ran out of shampoo, please send some to my room
I ran out of small towels
I ran out of toilet paper
I ran out of toilet paper rolls
I ran out of tooth paste
I ran out of tooth paste, request 2 more
I ran out of water bottles
I ran out shampoo, please send more
I require a wakeup call at 7:50 PM
I still feel warm. Please turn up the AC
I still haven't figured out the WIFI information of my room
I want a timer
I want a timer for 60 minutes
I want a timer set for 30 seconds
I want a timer set up for 1 hour
I want a timer to measure 2 hours
I want a timer to run for 2 hours
I want a wakeup alarm set for 8 AM tomorrow
I want a wakeup call in the morning
I want a wakeup call tomorrow at exactly 8 AM
I want air conditioner off
I want air conditioner on
I want all curtains in this place to open
I want all the bath mats in the bathroom to be changed immediaely
I want all the curtains to open
I want all the lights completely turned on
I want amenities
I want an 8 AM alarm active
I want an 8 AM alarm ready
I want an alarm for 8:30 PM
I want an alarm for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm for next Monday 3 PM
I want an alarm for tomorrow 8 AM
I want an alarm set for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want an alarm set up for Thursday 8:30 in the morning
I want an alarm to go off at 7 PM
I want an alert to go off at 8 o'clock
I want an alert to ring at 7 PM
I want check-in information
I want check-in information for the hotel
I want check-out information
I want check-out information for the hotel
I want concierge services
I want conditioner
I want facility information
I want fresh robes
I want heating off
I want heating on
I want house keeping
I want in-room dining
I want information about sauna
I want information about swimming pool
I want it built up in the daily action
I want kid's slippers
I want large cardboard boxes sent to the room
I want linen
I want more big towels
I want more body lotion
I want more clean slippers
I want more foam pillows to be sent to my room
I want more hand towels
I want more ice to be sent to my room
I want more information on hotel facilities
I want more shampoo
I want room cleaning
I want room service
I want see room status
I want see status of the room
I want shopping bags sent to my room
I want some food delivered to my room
I want some glass coated paper sent to my room
I want some ice
I want some juice
I want some paperboard boxes sent to my room
I want some room amenities
I want some slippers for kids
I want some slippers suitable for kids
I want some slippers to be sent to my room, immediately
I want some writing paper sent to my room
I want someone for room cleaning
I want swimming pool information
I want the AC to blow more air
I want the AC to keep running for a while
I want the AC vents to stay open
I want the air conditioner to be higher
I want the air conditioner to be much higher
I want the air conditioner to be much lower
I want the alarm display on screen
I want the bath mats changed
I want the bath mats to be replaced with new ones
I want the curtains in the room to open
I want the curtains to be closed up
I want the entire heating system to be turned off
I want the front desk to hold my luggage after checkout
I want the heating temperature to be higher
I want the heating temperature to be lower
I want the heating temperature to be much higher
I want the heating temperature to be much lower
I want the heating to be higher
I want the heating to be lower
I want the heating to be much higher
I want the heating to be much lower
I want the inside temperature of the room by exactly 60 degrees
I want the lights to be slightly dimmed
I want the number to front desk
I want the room darkening curtains opened
I want the room darkening curtains to be closed up
I want the room temperature to be higher
I want the room temperature to be lower
I want the room temperature to be much higher
I want the room temperature to be much lower
I want the room to be brighter
I want the room to be much colder
I want the room to be much cooler
I want the room to be slightly colder
I want the sheer curtains in the room to open
I want the temperature in this room to decrease significantly
I want the temperature lowered by 4 degrees
I want the temperature of the room to increase
I want the temperature of this room to go up
I want the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I want the thermostat turned up as high as possible
I want this room to be exactly 66 degrees Fahrenheit
I want this room to be pitch black so that I can sleep
I want this to work, but you have to help me
I want three bathrobes sent up to me
I want to I want to close facility information
I want to adjust my wakeup call
I want to adjust the brightness of the lights
I want to adjust the temperature. Turn up the AC
I want to alter my wakeup alarm
I want to alter my wakeup call
I want to alter the time of my wakeup alarm
I want to ask about checking in early 
I want to ask for amenities
I want to ask housekeeping for a scale to be sent to the room
I want to ask housekeeping for more Q-tips
I want to ask the front desk to help me check out
I want to be able to control the different settings of my room
I want to be able to cook in my room, what services does the hotel provide?
I want to be able to monitor the status of my room
I want to be able to move and adjust the curtains according to my needs
I want to be able to read all the information on the main menu
I want to be warm. Please turn the heater on
I want to block the sunlight by using the sheer curtains
I want to bring a service dog to the hotel during my stay
I want to bring down air conditioner by one degree
I want to bring down room temperature by one degree
I want to bring up air conditioner by one degree
I want to call the emergency number
I want to cancel my food order
I want to cancel my wakeup call
I want to cancel the wake up call
I want to change my time for the morning call
I want to change my wakeup alarm
I want to change my wakeup call
I want to change the time on my wakeup alarm
I want to check for upcoming wake up calls
I want to check for wake up calls
I want to check how the lights are
I want to check if I can get a pair of slippers for children
I want to check if the hotel has any baby wipes
I want to check if the thermostat is correct, it still feels chilly
I want to check my weight
I want to check on the status of the room's heater
I want to check out
I want to check out 
I want to check out of my room
I want to check out online

















I want to check the room temperature
I want to check the status of sheer curtains
I want to check the status on the AC
I want to check-in using the internet
I want to checkout
I want to checkout but I have to pay
I want to choose a spa service that will help detoxify my skin
I want to choose the first one
I want to choose the first one from the list you have provided
I want to click on the first button available
I want to close all the curtains in the room
I want to close facility information
I want to close facility information of the hotel
I want to close facility information of the hotel, now
I want to close facility information, now
I want to close gym information
I want to close home menu
I want to close in-room dining screen
I want to close information about the hotel gym
I want to close information about the hotel sauna
I want to close information about the hotel swimming pool
I want to close out of in-room dining screen
I want to close out of room dining screen
I want to close out of room service screen
I want to close room darkening curtains
I want to close room dining screen
I want to close room service screen
I want to close sauna information
I want to close screen on hotel gym
I want to close screen on hotel sauna
I want to close screen on hotel swimming pool
I want to close screen with room status
I want to close screen with status of the room
I want to close swimming pool information
I want to close the curtains
I want to close the curtains in this room
I want to close the list of hotel amenities
I want to close the main menu
I want to close the room darkening curtains
I want to close the room information screen
I want to close the room status
I want to close the screen on hotel dining information
I want to close the screen on hotel information
I want to close the sheer curtains
I want to close the sheer curtains in this room
I want to close the status of the room
I want to compare different rooms available in this hotel
I want to connect to the wifi immediately. 
I want to contact the front desk 
I want to control the brightness of the bathroom lights
I want to control the inside temperature of the room, set the room at 50 degrees
I want to control the room lights, bring up the light slightly
I want to control the room's thermostat and set it as cold as possible
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children.
I want to cut my nails
I want to decrease the AC's wind speed
I want to decrease the heating temperature
I want to decrease the room temperature
I want to dial the emergency number
I want to double check that all the lights in this room are working properly
I want to draw all the curtains in the room
I want to eat in my room, please show me the menu
I want to edit my wakeup call
I want to eliminate the scheduled wake up call
I want to end screen with room status
I want to end screen with status of the room
I want to end the screen with the hotel information now
I want to exchange pillows
I want to exit facility information
I want to exit facility information of the hotel
I want to exit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to exit facility information, now
I want to exit in-room dining screen
I want to exit out of room service screen
I want to exit out of room status
I want to exit out of screen with room status
I want to exit out of screen with status of the room
I want to exit out of status of the room
I want to exit out of the in-room dining screen
I want to exit out of the room dining screen
I want to exit out of the room service screen
I want to exit out of the screen with hotel gym information
I want to exit room dining screen
I want to exit room service screen
I want to exit room status
I want to exit screen with room status
I want to exit screen with status of the room
I want to exit status of the room
I want to exit the help page
I want to exit the list of hotel amenities
I want to exit the room information screen
I want to exit the screen with the hotel information, immediately
I want to figure out the status of the AC right now
I want to find out if there's a fee for a late check out
I want to find the number to the front desk 
I want to get a consultation at a famous plastic surgery clinic
I want to get a morning call on Tuesday at 5AM
I want to get a relaxation package for my parents at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I want to get an extra shower cap
I want to get help buying Korean red ginseng as gifts
I want to get out of the screen that I'm looking at
I want to get some shopping bags
I want to go for a swim, what time does the pool close?
I want to go to home screen
I want to hang my pants
I want to hang my trousers
I want to have Chinese takeout delivered to my hotel room
I want to have a humidifier sent to my room
I want to have a radiator in my room
I want to have clean bath mats
I want to have extra laundry bags delivered to my room
I want to have moisturizer sent to my room
I want to have some ice sent to my room
I want to have some slippers suitable for young children
I want to have the central lights of my room switched on
I want to have the shower gel in the bathroom replenished
I want to have the wet towels changed out
I want to hear more about the hotel spa's hydrotherapy sessions
I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow
I want to increase air conditioner by one degree
I want to increase room temperature by one degree
I want to increase the air conditioner
I want to increase the brightness of the free-standing lamps
I want to increase the heating
I want to increase the heating temperature
I want to increase the room temperature
I want to inquire about additional gratuities and fees before checkout 
I want to inquire more information about the services this hotel provides
I want to keep the AC running
I want to keep the heater on for now
I want to keep the room dark by using the room darkening curtains
I want to keep the room warm
I want to know about check-in
I want to know about check-out
I want to know about hotel facility information
I want to know about the BOUTIQUE SPA
I want to know about the status of the sheer curtains
I want to know about this hotel with more detail
I want to know additional fees I have to pay during checkout?
I want to know all the amenities found in this hotel
I want to know check-in details
I want to know check-in details for the hotel
I want to know check-in information
I want to know check-in time for my reservation
I want to know check-out details
I want to know check-out details for the hotel
I want to know check-out information
I want to know check-out time
I want to know check-out time for my reservation
I want to know exactly what you did to her!
I want to know hours of the hotel gym
I want to know hours of the hotel sauna
I want to know how big your swimming pool is
I want to know how early I can check-in to the hotel
I want to know if I can check-in directly without going through the front desk
I want to know if I can pay for an additional night at this hotel 
I want to know if I can still use hotel facilities after checkout
I want to know if the air conditioner is running
I want to know if the hotel has hi-speed internet provided
I want to know if the room is heating up right now
I want to know if you have a men's sauna
I want to know information about hotel
I want to know information about the hotel sauna
I want to know information about the hotel swimming pool
I want to know more about hotel's dining information
I want to know more about the different restaurants at the hotel
I want to know more about the hotel facilities
I want to know more about what type of saunas are available at this hotel
I want to know more about what you do here
I want to know some history about this hotel
I want to know the check out policy
I want to know the check out policy for this hotel
I want to know the check out time 
I want to know the check-in time
I want to know the check-out time for my reservation
I want to know the cost of laundry services
I want to know the different sizes of envelopes available
I want to know the different sizes of slippers available
I want to know the different types of curtains that are found in this room
I want to know the dining information of the hotel
I want to know the front desk number
I want to know the function and purpose of sheer curtains
I want to know the hotel laundry price list
I want to know the hotel's check-in time
I want to know the hours of the hotel gym during Christmas
I want to know the interior of the hotel sauna
I want to know the number of the front desk
I want to know the number to the front desk
I want to know the operating hours for the hotel's valet services
I want to know the password for the wifi
I want to know the procedure to check out
I want to know the room temperature
I want to know the schedule for all the yoga classes this hotel offers
I want to know the status of the air conditioning
I want to know the status of the curtains in this room
I want to know the status of the room heating
I want to know the temperature of the room right now
I want to know the weather at 2AM
I want to know the wide range of facilities and services this place has to offer
I want to know the wifi
I want to know the wifi for the room
I want to know the wifi password
I want to know time to check-in for my reservation
I want to know what amenities are available at the hotel
I want to know what time I can check-in
I want to know what type of information can be found on the main menu
I want to know where my car will be if a parking attendant takes it
I want to know which of the hotel's restaurants is the most empty right now
I want to know wifi details 
I want to let Palais de Chine know that I am allergic to peanuts
I want to let the spa workers know that I am allergic to certain ingredients
I want to look at the timer
I want to look up check out procedure, please 
I want to look up the wifi
I want to look up the wifi password
I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life
I want to lower room temperature by one degree
I want to lower the heating
I want to lower the heating temperature
I want to lower the room temperature
I want to make a request for room cleaning services
I want to make a request for the wake up call
I want to make a request for turn down service
I want to make a request to have a scale sent to the room
I want to make a request. Please call the front desk
I want to make a visit to the Seoul Animation Center before I leave
I want to make air conditioner decrease by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go down by one degree
I want to make air conditioner go up by one degree
I want to make all the curtains to close
I want to make an emergency call
I want to make changes to my wakeup alarm
I want to make room temperature go down by one degree
I want to make room temperature go up by one degree
I want to make the sheer curtains closed
I want to make use of the information on the home screen
I want to measure my weight
I want to nibble on something, can I see the food menu?
I want to open a page that contains hotel information
I want to open all the curtains
I want to open curtains
I want to open room darkening curtains
I want to open up all curtains
I want to open up all the curtains, it's too dark in here
I want to open wide the curtains
I want to open wide the room darkening curtains
I want to open wide the sheer curtains
I want to order a cocktail glass
I want to order a highball glass
I want to order an amenity
I want to order food from my room
I want to order in-room dining
I want to order room dining
I want to order room service
I want to order room service food for room 506
I want to order some takeout food from Burger King
I want to order something to eat for lunch, please show me the menu
I want to place a request for a change in foam pillows
I want to place a request for a daily morning call for 9AM
I want to place a request for a new comb
I want to place a request for a pull-out bed
I want to place a request for a sanitary bag
I want to place a request for bedding
I want to place a request for clean blankets
I want to place a request for dental floss
I want to place a request for linen
I want to place a request for more shower caps
I want to place a request for more shower gel
I want to place a request for some additional shampoo
I want to place a request for some mouthwash
I want to place a request for some pencils
I want to place a request for some scissors and tape
I want to place a request to more Q-tips
I want to place a request to more cotton swabs
I want to place an order for amenities
I want to place an order for some slippers
I want to proceed with early check out
I want to proceed with the check out
I want to put in a request for a change in bath mats
I want to put in a request for a paper cup
I want to put in a request for a scale
I want to put in a request for a vanity kit
I want to put in a request for amenities
I want to put in a request for change in bedding
I want to put in a request for change in linen
I want to put in a request for more Q-tips
I want to put in a request for more cotton swabs
I want to put in a request for new blankets
I want to put in a request for new towels
I want to put in a request for slippers for younger kids
I want to put in a request to change the time for the wake up call
I want to put my cash in a safe while I'm away
I want to put-in a request for a pull-out bed
I want to quit facility information
I want to quit facility information of the hotel
I want to quit facility information of the hotel, now
I want to quit facility information, now
I want to quit in-room dining screen
I want to quit room dining screen
I want to quit room service screen
I want to quit screen on hotel gym
I want to quit screen on hotel sauna
I want to quit screen on hotel swimming pool
I want to quit the help page
I want to quit the main menu because I wasn't able to find the answers to my questions
I want to quit the room information screen
I want to reach someone at the front desk 
I want to reach the front desk, what's the number?
I want to read all about the services and information about this hotel
I want to read service information
I want to read the newspaper
I want to receive an amenity
I want to relax at the men's sauna
I want to relax, tell me about your spa services
I want to report an emergency
I want to request a cardboard box
I want to request a change in bath mats
I want to request a change in blankets
I want to request a change in duvet covers
I want to request a disposable cup for my coffee
I want to request a few brown boxes
I want to request a fresh set of blankets
I want to request a humidifier to reduce the dryness of the room
I want to request a luggage rack
I want to request a normal check out
I want to request a shaving kit from housekeeping
I want to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I want to request amenities
I want to request an emergency call
I want to request an itemized receipt during checkout
I want to request bedding
I want to request change in bath mats
I want to request clean sheets
I want to request disposable cups
I want to request duvet covers
I want to request for a bar of soap
I want to request for a check out
I want to request for a comb
I want to request for a fountain pen
I want to request for a new bath mat
I want to request for a new pack of cotton pads and cotton balls
I want to request for a new shower mat
I want to request for a pen
I want to request for a sewing kit
I want to request for dry cleaning
I want to request for some Q-tips
I want to request for some cotton buds
I want to request for some cotton swabs
I want to request for some nail clippers
I want to request for some pencils
I want to request for some shower mats
I want to request housekeeping for a set of hand towels
I want to request housekeeping to send more shampoo
I want to request international newspapers to be delivered to my room
I want to request linen
I want to request makeup remover
I want to request mouthwash and toothpaste
I want to request room amenities, send me masking tape and scissors
I want to request slippers for small children
I want to request some boxes
I want to request some boxes to be sent to my room
I want to request some brown boxes
I want to request some brown boxes to be sent to my room
I want to request some reusable paper cups with a lid
I want to request the front desk to hold my bags for a few hours after checkout
I want to request writing paper
I want to reserve a meeting room for 10 people this afternoon
I want to review the status of the room
I want to run the AC on fan mode
I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law.
I want to say something to you but not today
I want to say that I'm real sorry about your father
I want to schedule a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
I want to see all amenities
I want to see all of Seoul's most famous landmarks
I want to see amenities at this hotel
I want to see how much the spa costs
I want to see if I have any wake up calls scheduled 
I want to see information about the hotel
I want to see more information about hotel
I want to see more information about the hotel spa
I want to see options for room dining
I want to see room status
I want to see status of the room
I want to see the  time for hotel check in
I want to see the alarm
I want to see the alarm menu
I want to see the concierge screen
I want to see the help page
I want to see the menus for Palais de Chine and L'Amant Secret please
I want to see the room service menu
I want to see the status of my room
I want to see the status of the central lights
I want to see the status of the room
I want to see the status on all the lights in my suite
I want to see the wifi
I want to see the wifi password
I want to see what amenities I'm able to request
I want to select number one
I want to select option 3 out of the options provided to me on the screen
I want to select the eleventh one from the list that you've provided
I want to select the first one
I want to select the main menu on the home screen
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM
I want to set a daily wake up call for 5:30 AM 
I want to set a morning call for Tuesday at 9:20PM
I want to set my wakeup alarm to a different time
I want to set the room to 4  degrees Fahrenheit
I want to set the temperature of the AC as low as possible
I want to set the temperature of this room to room temperature
I want to set up a wakeup alarm in the morning
I want to set up a wakeup call
I want to settle all payments from the mini bar during checkout
I want to shop at luxury retail boutiques and department stores
I want to shop for Korean brand clothes and cosmetics
I want to shop for leather goods and handmade jewellery
I want to shop my golf clubs before I check out
I want to shut off all the lights around the bed
I want to slightly decrease the brightness of the room
I want to slightly increase the temperature of this room by 2 degrees
I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me
I want to stop looking at the menu for room service
I want to stop looking up information regarding this hotel room
I want to stop monitoring the status of the room
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first.
I want to switch off room dining screen
I want to switch off the air conditioner
I want to switch off the heating
I want to switch on the air conditioner
I want to switch on the heating
I want to take a look at the alarm
I want to take a look at the guest services the hotel can offer me
I want to take a look at the help page
I want to talk to both you guys about Greta
I want to talk to someone in the lobby 
I want to travel, live overseas as an artist, maybe have a lesbian relationship
I want to turn air conditioner on right now
I want to turn down room temperature by one degree
I want to turn heating off right now
I want to turn heating on right now
I want to turn off all the lights, immediately
I want to turn off screen with amenities
I want to turn off the air conditioner
I want to turn off the heating
I want to turn on the air conditioner
I want to turn on the heating
I want to turn on the heating for now
I want to turn up room temperature by one degree
I want to turn up the wind speed
I want to use a radiator during my stay
I want to use a scale
I want to use a weight scale
I want to use the game center
I want to use the hotel facilities, can you provide me with more information?
I want to use the hotel sauna, can you tell me if they accept walk-ins?
I want to use the shuttle service to the airport if it's available
I want to use the spa during this business trip
I want to use the spa. What's the price difference between children and adults?
I want to use the steambaths
I want to verify the check out time
I want to visit a famous multishop that Kpop stars like to patronize
I want to visit a traditional Oriental medical clinic and try acupuncture
I want to visit a traditional hanok teahouse in Seoul
I want to watch an event at the World Cup Stadium in Seoul
I want two more bars of soap
I want you should know, I'm very proud of you, son
I want you to be my partner on this, Derek
I want you to come back on the road with me
I want you to come in until I get the lights on
I want you to get me an Andriod phone charger
I want you to give her a call
I want you to give me a wakeup call tomorrow
I want you to go back to your old life
I want you to go right away
I want you to hit all the dealers in town
I want you to know I'm available to you
I want you to know I'm deeply sorry about your girlfriend
I want you to know how much I appreciate this
I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty
I want you to pick up the trail where he left off
I want you to set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 tomorrow morning
I want you to set an alarm for tomorrow morning 8 o'clock
I want you to set up an alarm for this evening at 6
I want you to start your work for the last phase of the campaign
I want you to tell me everything you remember, Father
I want you to time something
I want you to trust me to make my own choices
I wanted to ask you because you're a doctor
I wanted to be there to close the circle.
I wanted to depict a calm and peaceful Africa.
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him
I wanted to see what kind of a day it is
I wanted to stop it, and I ran up to stop it
I was a year away from getting my masters in Art, now I'll never graduate
I was able to find all the answers to my questions, please end the screen
I was all set for what came next.
I was at FITNESS yesterday and I couldn't find a bosu ball
I was beginning to have my doubts about you for the last few days
I was busy the rest of the day.
I was chairman, the only not youthful participant.
I was chosen because I was the bravest and the most worthy
I was crazy about her all over again.
I was doing a report on live TV about a handsome cab driver
I was freaking out a little earlier, but they calmed me down
I was fully prepared to pay for myself.
I was getting out of the car when I saw him in the Mercedes
I was giving the parked cars the once-over.
I was hoping I'd hear from you today.
I was hoping to finally have sex with you this weekend
I was hoping you'd just leave and we could avoid all this
I was just about to make my point, Your Honor
I was just on my way down to meet you
I was just talking to the band about the thing with the stuff
I was just trying to make him jealous
I was looking forward to one last dance
I was lucky they let me go, I guess.
I was on a date with this girl
I was on the way to my grandfather's funeral
I was only 5, but I remember it vividly.
I was putting her doll house away, and somehow I accidentally dropped it
I was ready, like Portia, to present my own brief.
I was really looking forward to this night
I was responsible for planning company training and field exercises.
I was safe when you found me, there was nothing you could prove
I was sent from the Post in place of our social editor
I was sent up for practicing law without a license
I was sentenced to a youth camp out here when I was fourteen
I was snooping around Tex's room and I found this in the waste basket
I was so worried for fear he'd knock over a vase or something
I was sorry to read about that thing in the papers
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms.
I was talking to Christine after dinner last night
I was the same way when I was you age
I was the same way when I was your age
I was thinking about going there for business
I was thinking about that time after the party
I was thinking of paying it when the insurance comes in
I was told to wake you up gently, so I figured
I was too young for the draft for that war.
I was unfairly punished because the wall belonged to the judge's church
I was wondering if I could buy you a drink or something
I wasn't able to find any hotel information online, can you share more?
I wasn't able to find the information I wanted from the main menu
I wasn't done, I was just sick of hearing him whine
I wasn't going to lug around a glass.
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking
I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther
I wasn't there, but from what I heard, it went something like this
I wear sunglasses because the sun is bright
I went back to the coffeehouse to find Shannon
I went in and we discussed about the music.
I went through and down, into pitch darkness.
I will be back very soon so keep my car parked up front
I will be looking for your smiling face there!
I will be needing my car brought up to the front door
I will buy some pancakes and syrup then
I will checkout now
I will even sell you some gas if you need it
I will figure something out How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
I will find the lion and I will build the bridge
I will forget them by the time I get to the market
I will get a room here for you
I will give you your six thousand back
I will go to her apartment and be the pest control man
I will have to make an extra trip to the supermarket then
I will need a wakeup alarm
I will need an alarm for 8:30 PM
I will need an alarm for Monday 8 AM
I will need an alarm for noon today
I will need my car prepared downstairs at exactly 10 o'clock
I will not be able to make my reservation at the BOUTIQUE SPA later today
I will not be using the swimming pool today so I want to exit the screen
I will purchase a him and her spa package for tomorrow afternoon
I will request amenities
I will take the SAT test only if I am ready
I will tell you my most humiliating story
I will tell you to go, not begging.
I will update this page as new information becomes available.
I wish I could do more but we're moving out
I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class
I wish I could say that was in his favor
I wish I could say this to my mother's face, but I can't anymore
I wish I could, but I really can't right now
I wish I have not touched her doll house
I wish I was younger and less timid.
I wish I were older or younger, Julia Bentley thought.
I wish our doctor could have saved her.
I wish that I could find a way; To speak my thoughts on Mother's Day
I wish there was something I could do for you
I wish to close out of this screen
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew.
I wish to sleep, I'd like to turn off the lights now
I wish to turn off all the ceiling lights in the room
I wish to use the restroom, turn on the bathroom lights
I wish we had a dog, so they wouldn't go to waste
I wish you all the luck in the world, pal
I wish you could see the world as I do
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid.
I wish you would return them to her.
I wish you'd give me a little more of a chance
I wish you'd stop trying to make me mad so I won't care for you
I woke up the next morning and she was gone
I won a car wash at bingo last time.
I won't be able to give you anything
I won't be coming back to check on comments anymore.
I won't be guilty of trying to run his life.
I won't be made to feel like I've done something wrong
I won't be needing any room cleaning tomorrow so please pass my room
I won't have to drive home on the freeway
I won't have you running around in the middle of the night
I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall
I won't report it to the department
I won't speak to him, I won't even utter his name
I won't talk to you where you can use your hands on me
I won't tell you you can save yourself because you can't
I wonder if the Carters would take one.
I work for you, I won't take orders from a stranger
I work odd hours much of the time.
I woud like to request for a humidifier
I woud like to request more body wash
I woud like to request more shampoo
I would appreciate it if you could move us to a quieter room
I would hate to make two trips to take care of things
I would hate to think you were losing your perspective
I would have come sooner if I'd known.
I would like 3 ball point pens in my room
I would like BOUTIQUE SPA to know that I am pregnant
I would like a bathrobe
I would like a concierge
I would like a facial and body wrap package at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would like a humidifer for my room
I would like a little bit more information on hotel facilities
I would like a new comb sent over to me
I would like a pair of slippers for kids
I would like a pair of slippers for our children
I would like a scale
I would like a timer for 60 seconds
I would like a timer set for 30 minutes
I would like a timer set up for 1 hour
I would like a wakeup alarm
I would like a wakeup call
I would like a wakeup call arranged in case my alarm does not work
I would like a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like all the curtains to open
I would like an alarm at 5:30 PM
I would like an alarm for 5:30
I would like an extra tea kettle
I would like another bottle of shampoo
I would like concierge services
I would like extra pillows
I would like fresh linens
I would like hangers for dress pants
I would like hangers for pants
I would like hangers made to hang pants
I would like information on hotel facilities
I would like information on parking fees for visitors and overnight stays
I would like it to be much colder in here
I would like more hangers for my clothes please
I would like more ice to make some cold drinks in my room please
I would like more linens for my bed
I would like more napkins or toilet paper
I would like more toilet paper
I would like more water delivered to the room
I would like my children to have some slippers to wear
I would like my entire room aerated to help with my allergies
I would like my sheets to be hypoallergenic
I would like recommendations on nearby restaurants that are popular with the locals
I would like room heating to be on
I would like some ice so I can drink my champagne
I would like some post-it notes sent to my room
I would like some room amenities, please give me some toothpaste
I would like the AC to cool me down, please turn it on
I would like the alarm displayed
I would like the curtains to open
I would like the curtains to open up
I would like the hotel to know about my dietary restrictions
I would like the room darkening curtains to be closed off
I would like the room darkening curtains to open
I would like the sheer curtains to open
I would like the sheer curtains to open up
I would like the temperature of the room to be 5 degrees  lower
I would like thirty water bottles
I would like to access the hotel's currency exchange service
I would like to add a hydrotherapy bath session to our couples massage
I would like to adjust the temperature of my room. Make the temperature 4 degrees  lower
I would like to ask for a stain removing detergent
I would like to ask housekeeping for more hangers
I would like to attend mass in Seoul but preferably in English
I would like to be woken up at 9AM on Tuesday
I would like to book a meeting space
I would like to catch up with all the moments I didn't spend with you
I would like to change coffee machines
I would like to change the time for the morning call
I would like to change the wakeup alarm's time
I would like to check the status of the ceiling lights right now
I would like to checkout
I would like to checkout now
I would like to checkout of my room
I would like to choose the first one
I would like to close information on gym screen
I would like to close information on hotel facilities
I would like to close information on sauna screen
I would like to close the curtains in the room
I would like to close the room darkening curtains
I would like to close the screen on hotel information
I would like to close the sheer curtains in the room
I would like to control the bathroom lights
I would like to cut my membership at FITNESS short
I would like to exit information on hotel facilities
I would like to exit out of information on hotel facilities
I would like to exit out of the screen with dining options for the time being
I would like to freshen my clothes up a little bit with a spray
I would like to get twenty water bottles
I would like to get two water bottles
I would like to go shopping for children's clothes and toys
I would like to go to a Michelin restaurant that serves traditional Korean food
I would like to have A4 paper sent to the room
I would like to have a lint brush sent to the room
I would like to have box tape and scissors sent to the room
I would like to have extra luggage rack sent to the room
I would like to have ice delivered to my room
I would like to have my coffee machine fixed
I would like to have my hair dryer fixed
I would like to have some food from outside the hotel delivered to my room
I would like to have some ice
I would like to have some kid's slippers sent to my room
I would like to have some more conditioner sent to my room
I would like to have some more toothpaste sent to my room
I would like to hear about the best drinking spots in Seoul
I would like to host a bridal party at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would like to increase room temperature by two degrees
I would like to increase the temperature of the room by 2 degrees
I would like to know about hotel's dining information
I would like to know about this hotel's dining information
I would like to know check-in time for my reservation
I would like to know check-out time for my reservation
I would like to know how big the pool is
I would like to know more details on check out procedure 
I would like to know some of the services provided by this hotel
I would like to know the costs associated with using the sauna
I would like to know the current room temperature
I would like to know the hotel laundry price list
I would like to know what you're doing here
I would like to learn how to work out with free weights at FITNESS
I would like to learn more about the hotel's environmental policies
I would like to look at the drinks and cocktail menu for the hotel bar
I would like to look up information about the gym
I would like to make a reservation to use the hotel sauna
I would like to make an appointment for an aromatherapy treatment
I would like to measure weight, please send a scale
I would like to open the curtains
I would like to open the room darkening curtains
I would like to open the sheer curtains
I would like to order an amenity
I would like to order dinner from my room
I would like to pick number one
I would like to place a request for a foam pillow
I would like to place a request for a humidifier
I would like to place a request for a pair of slippers suitable for kids
I would like to place a request for a paper cup
I would like to place a request for a paper cup with a lid
I would like to place a request for a shaving kit
I would like to place a request for carton boxes
I would like to place a request for clean sheets
I would like to place a request for kid's slippers
I would like to place a request for slippers
I would like to place a request for some A5 paper
I would like to place a request to have a humidifier sent to my room
I would like to place an order for slippers
I would like to propose a toast to the most awesomely mellow anniversary ever
I would like to put in a request for a ballpoint pen
I would like to receive daily morning calls for 10AM
I would like to request a change in coffee machines
I would like to request a change in shower mats
I would like to request a female massage therapist for my BOUTIQUE SPA visit
I would like to request a lint brush
I would like to request a new vanity kit
I would like to request a pair of slippers for children
I would like to request a shaving kit
I would like to request a wake up call for today 8:30PM
I would like to request a wakeup call at 6:30 AM
I would like to request amenities
I would like to request body moisturizer
I would like to request concierge service
I would like to request dental floss
I would like to request femenine hygiene products
I would like to request for a cordial glass
I would like to request for a shoe shine
I would like to request for a tea kettle
I would like to request for a wine glass
I would like to request for dental floss
I would like to request for ice
I would like to request for ice to chill my white wine in
I would like to request for lined paper
I would like to request for some envelopes
I would like to request for some mouthwash
I would like to request front desk for some slippers for kids
I would like to request laundry bags
I would like to request more hangers for my clothes
I would like to request nail clippers
I would like to request nail polish remover
I would like to request reusable paper bags
I would like to request sanitary bags
I would like to request sanitary pads
I would like to request shopping bags
I would like to request shot glasses
I would like to request some feminine hygiene products such as pads or tampons
I would like to request some sticky notes
I would like to request table napkins
I would like to request toilet paper
I would like to request wine glasses
I would like to see main display
I would like to see the home menu
I would like to see the hours for the pool during the new years
I would like to select the option found at the top of the screen
I would like to switch on the heating for this room, immediately
I would like to take cooking classes while I am in Seoul
I would like to turn down the air conditioning by two degrees
I would like to turn down the heating by two degrees
I would like to use a scale
I would like to use an air purifier in my room
I would like to use the gym during my stay
I would like to visit a trendy shopping district in Seoul
I would like towels to be changed at least three times a day
I would like twenty laundry bags for my room
I would like two laundry bags for my room
I would like you to know my sister
I would like you to time something for me
I would look at this and it was just strangers
I would never say you weren't as good a person as she is
I would not be of any help to you in this project
I would not like to drink the tap water from the bathroom
I would not take them to the race track, no.
I would only like some precise answers, that's all
I would prefer a female spa therapist today at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would prefer to choose the first option on the list
I would prefer to say this to you in person
I would really like some fried chicken delivered to my hotel room
I would really prefer a female masseuse to do my body massage
I would say there's nothing more dangerous than a man who knows what right is
I would think it would be lower You are welcome.
I wouldn't give up now if my life depended on it!
I wouldn't have the strength to answer, he thought.
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house.
I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts --
I wouldn't keep coming here if I didn't like you
I wouldn't like it if this partnership ended before it gets started
I wouldn't want him to miss the message.
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience.
I write the great, eternal truths that bind together all mankind
I write what I've seen
I wrote them down in my Diary so that I wouldn't have to remember
I'd also be able to do touchdown dances randomly.
I'd appreciate it if we could take care of this quickly and quietly
I'd be curious to see which politicians qualify.
I'd be happy to pay for the favor, of course.
I'd be lost without the shame factor driving me
I'd be more inclined to just veto that particular person.
I'd been retired one week when he dropped this bombshell.
I'd call my mom and say, 'Holy shit, guess what!
I'd call now but she'll want me to come home and I just might
I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew
I'd get married tomorrow in a White Castle, but this guy needs more factors
I'd go nuts if I had to work in an office all day
I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy.
I'd kick him in the nuts, if I thought he had any
I'd like a bag to place all my sanitary products in
I'd like a brief intro to this hotel
I'd like a midnight snack. Can you show me what I can order?
I'd like a new comb sent to my room
I'd like a pair of kid's slippers to be sent to my room
I'd like a pair of kid's slippers to be sent to our room
I'd like a roll of paper towels, I've spilled my drinks
I'd like a roll of toilet paper
I'd like a wake up call tomorrow 
I'd like all the small towels replaced
I'd like clean, dry towels
I'd like extra pillows sent to the room
I'd like help for the check out
I'd like help with the check out
I'd like more hangers to hang my clothes
I'd like more water
I'd like new pillows
I'd like new towels
I'd like some fresh towels delivered to my room
I'd like some room amenities
I'd like the AC to stop blasting air
I'd like the direct number to the front desk 
I'd like the front desk to wake me up at 8:30PM
I'd like the room darkening curtains to open up
I'd like the temperature of the room to drop
I'd like the temperature of this room to increase significantly
I'd like to alleviate dry air with a humidifier
I'd like to ask housekeeping for face towels
I'd like to be able to control the curtains in this room
I'd like to be warm. Turn on the heater
I'd like to block out the light completely
I'd like to bring it in on your case, if it's all right with you
I'd like to call the front desk
I'd like to cancel my request for room service
I'd like to cancel the wake up call
I'd like to cancel using the screen with the room status information
I'd like to change the bath mats in the bathroom
I'd like to check if the room's AC is working properly
I'd like to check the status of all the curtains found in this room
I'd like to check the status of the room
I'd like to control the wind speed setting and turn it up
I'd like to cool off for a little, can we turn up the AC?
I'd like to dim down the room lights, immediately
I'd like to draw the sheer curtains
I'd like to fix a tear, send over a sewing kit
I'd like to get a wake up call at 8PM tonight
I'd like to hang some more clothes
I'd like to have a wake up call scheduled daily for 8AM
I'd like to have big towels
I'd like to have hangers for my trousers
I'd like to have kid's slippers sent to the room
I'd like to have some A4 paper sent to my room
I'd like to have some lined paper
I'd like to have some slippers suitable for children
I'd like to have the bedside light turned on
I'd like to have the desk lamp immediately turned off
I'd like to jump the queue and check out online
I'd like to know about penalties for early or late checkout 
I'd like to know about the airport shuttle service
I'd like to know dining information of the hotel
I'd like to know if the there are any fees for the front desk to hold my bags after checkout 
I'd like to know if there are any other fees I should be aware of before checking out of the hotel
I'd like to know more details about this particular hotel
I'd like to know the hotel's check-in time 
I'd like to know the password to connect to the wifi
I'd like to know the time for hotel check in
I'd like to know the wifi for this room
I'd like to know what time I can check-in to the hotel 
I'd like to look up the wifi password 
I'd like to lower the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to open the home menu right now
I'd like to order some dessert
I'd like to order some tea to help me sleep
I'd like to place a request for a ballpoint pen
I'd like to place a request for a fountain pen
I'd like to place a request for a humidifier
I'd like to place a request for body wash
I'd like to place a request for carton boxes
I'd like to place a request for drinking water
I'd like to place a request for large brown boxes
I'd like to place a request for shampoo
I'd like to place a request for slippers
I'd like to place a request for some clean slippers
I'd like to place a request for some individual boxes
I'd like to proceed with the check out
I'd like to put in a request for a daily wake up call for 8AM
I'd like to put in a request for a foam pillow
I'd like to put in a request for a set of face towels
I'd like to put in a request for nail clippers
I'd like to put in a request for slippers
I'd like to put in a request for slippers made for kids
I'd like to put in a request for some A4 paper
I'd like to put in a request for some additional body lotion
I'd like to put in a request to have my old towels removed
I'd like to receive a wake up call on Friday for 8AM
I'd like to request 2 more sets of tooth brush
I'd like to request 2 more sets of tooth brush 
I'd like to request a change in bath mats
I'd like to request a change in towels
I'd like to request a disposable cup and a lid
I'd like to request a new vanity kit
I'd like to request an additional vanity kit
I'd like to request big towels
I'd like to request blank sheets of printing paper sent to the room
I'd like to request blank sheets of recycled paper sent to the room
I'd like to request box tape and scissors to be sent to my room
I'd like to request early check out
I'd like to request envelopes
I'd like to request for a highball glass
I'd like to request for a humidifier
I'd like to request for a late check out
I'd like to request for a luggage chair
I'd like to request for a martini glass
I'd like to request for a pencil
I'd like to request for additional body wash
I'd like to request for additional shampoo
I'd like to request for an alarm clock
I'd like to request for color pencils
I'd like to request for more drinking water
I'd like to request for more face towels
I'd like to request for some blank sheets of recycled paper
I'd like to request for some moisturizer
I'd like to request housekeeping for a pencil
I'd like to request hypoallergenic blankets
I'd like to request more body wash
I'd like to request more face towels
I'd like to request more shampoo
I'd like to request more shower caps
I'd like to request more shower gel
I'd like to request post-it notes
I'd like to request slippers
I'd like to request some watermarked paper
I'd like to request something to write with
I'd like to request the front desk for more body lotion
I'd like to request the front desk for more shampoo
I'd like to request to check out right now
I'd like to request to have the bathroom amenities restocked immediately
I'd like to see how much I weigh, send scale
I'd like to see more information for hotel check in
I'd like to see the condition at which my room is at
I'd like to see the room status shown on the display, please
I'd like to see the wine menu
I'd like to see your friend's face when we tell him
I'd like to set a wake up call for 8PM on Wednesday
I'd like to shave
I'd like to shave now, request shaving kit
I'd like to sleep in today, please shut the curtains
I'd like to stay for another night
I'd like to stay, but I really don't have time to hang around here
I'd like to switch the time for the wake up call
I'd like to think all of that conditioning paid off.
I'd like to turn down the room temperature by two degrees
I'd like to use a fountain pen
I'd like to use a pencil
I'd like to wake up at 7AM tomorrow
I'd love to go back and be that person again, but you can't move backwards
I'd make an exception in this case if I were you
I'd make her glad the whole day through, I love you!'
I'd rather you didn't mention any of this to them if you don't mind
I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up
I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care
I'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size
I'll be right back, I'm gonna go get a beer
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour.
I'll bet a person could learn a lot by getting into that woman's apartment
I'll bet she can be friendly when it's in her best interests
I'll bet she told you I was puny, too.
I'll call you in a day or so.
I'll come right back, I'll just go pay for my car
I'll do anything you ask me, Anne, but I will not live
I'll drive him to the precinct, you can have him but I'm walking him in
I'll drive, then we'll go out in a blaze of glory
I'll even sell you some gas if you need it
I'll figure something out How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
I'll fill every slippery hollow
I'll find out where he gets the money to hang around the bank
I'll get a lot more from her without you butting in
I'll go right over there and bring her here
I'll go take a look when the rain lets off
I'll go to the dentist twice a year for you
I'll have him call the moment I hear from him
I'll have the 4 pieces you asked for any time now
I'll have to call in the brain trust.
I'll have to go to a new high school, again
I'll honk four times so you'll hear it and know she's on her way up
I'll join you as soon as I see my father's physician
I'll just have them call and tell Patrick it's us
I'll just tell my other girlfriends they can't come over tonight
I'll just use it for a while and get it right back to you
I'll kiss you at a little bit after midnight
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now.
I'll look at the divorce decree, see if we can get it redrawn
I'll meet you on one condition that I get exclusivity and you surrender to me
I'll need an office on the grounds; someplace to store my things
I'll never believe that anyone could be such a fool
I'll pay you a share of the profits, once its sold
I'll pick you up on the same corner at three thirty five, okay?
I'll rip your lungs out if you don't answer fast
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round.
I'll say I didn't have courage to come forward at first
I'll see you on the other side, Ray
I'll see you tomorrow and tell you how it went
I'll spend the night here and get back first thing in the morning
I'll take her home and check out her apartment
I'll take you to the bar, after that, you're on your own
I'll tell him -- if I see him.
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do
I'll tell you what, you couldn't pay me enough to live down there
I'll tell you where the ground is sour and the ground in my heart is sour
I'll tell your mother not to expect you at the funeral
I'll turn around at the corner if you'll shut the fuck up
I'll use the profits to restore the business
I'll watch the alleyway in case it goes that way
I'll wish you a happy Birthday now and I'll see you soon
I'm 28 years old, and I've really only ever been with one man
I'm In the mood to exercise, what are the hours for the hotel gym?
I'm Mickey, we're supposed to get to know each other
I'm a little schoolgirl, I'm mommy, I'm a Czech girl
I'm actually sitting at home, waiting for the phone to ring
I'm afraid I couldn't quite handle that, if you don't mind
I'm afraid I lost the ticket I got from the parking valet
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to
I'm afraid I've used up all my good deeds for the day
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again
I'm afraid we ain't got no raw life up here
I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard
I'm all for them owning casinos, getting rich off the white man's greed
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack.
I'm an assistant manager at their corporate headquarters
I'm assuming the cave-in begins with the threat of litigation from Big Tobacco
I'm beginning to think of the building as my home
I'm choosing the first one
I'm cold, please turn on the heater for the room
I'm done asking questions about hotel room information
I'm done asking questions about my hotel room for now
I'm done looking at information about hotel restaurants
I'm done looking at the in-room dining screen
I'm done looking up details about the hotel room
I'm done reading the screen with hotel information, please exit screen
I'm done requesting for more amenities
I'm done showering, please turn off the bathroom lights
I'm done using the screen for now
I'm exhausted from pretending I'm not in love with her
I'm expecting it to have a nice, intimate vibe.
I'm feeling out of shape, I want to use the hotel gym
I'm flattered you think we have two viewers
I'm freezing here, thank you for checking, can I go?
I'm freezing in here
I'm full now, I want to close the screen with dining information
I'm getting brain surgery from some guy who's seen a couple episodes of ER
I'm getting in that room, and I'm opening that safe
I'm getting married in two months, and you're just finding a band?
I'm goin' to try and keep from it as much as I can
I'm going to ask you what you do when you go off at night
I'm going to change and we'll meet for a drink in the room
I'm going to cuff you and leave you in that house
I'm going to enjoy this here, I'll even loan you my badge
I'm going to get as far away as I can
I'm going to give you a prescription for your pneumonia
I'm going to go and eat tomorrow night do you want to go with me?
I'm going to go out of town just for two days
I'm going to have a good time, because I did nothing wrong
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else.
I'm going to major in business administration and, I think minor in Communications
I'm going to make myself a drink, if that's okay?
I'm going to put it on my dresser.
I'm going to step out and mean something in this world
I'm going to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date
I'm gonna be kind of jealous of you, getting to have Gazzola's pizza whenever you want
I'm gonna be up on that wall one of these days
I'm gonna have to ask you to remain calm
I'm gonna introduce you to that girl you've been staring at
I'm gonna kick your ass, right in front of your stupid house
I'm gonna need the spare key to her apartment
I'm gonna need you to call her for me
I'm gonna put my hand up your dog now
I'm guessing you haven't always had this rule
I'm having a heart attack, call for help
I'm having a party for all my clients
I'm having issues with the room's safe
I'm having issues with the room's safety box
I'm having issues with the room's wifi
I'm having luck for the first time in my life
I'm having problems connecting to the wifi
I'm having problems with the iron
I'm having problems with the safety box
I'm having really bad eye allergies and I don't know where to go
I'm having some issues with the safety box
I'm having some people over for drinks right after the races
I'm having some problems with the safety box
I'm having trouble with the safety box
I'm having trouble with the wifi
I'm her father supposed to be, but I'm not able to
I'm here for a few days, before I head back up to Virginia
I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur
I'm here to serve life, All you want to do is destroy it
I'm hungry, I want to request room service
I'm in a hurry, can I check out using my smartphone?
I'm in a rush, what's the fastest way to check out?
I'm in awe of what has happened here, he said.
I'm in the book, if you ever want to drop me a line or something
I'm in the locker room sitting in the whirlpool
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of.
I'm interested to see if there are meeting spaces available for use
I'm invoking rights. this man is represented by counsel
I'm just a little worried about my future
I'm just about to go out with some friends
I'm just beginning to believe that something could be done with you
I'm just cleaning out some of this stuff that's built up
I'm just going to get their trucks!
I'm just happy that George has found someone he cares for
I'm just letting them have their say before I say no
I'm just not one of those guys who has a type
I'm just not sure if Lily's gonna like it
I'm just proud of our kids, he related.
I'm just surprised you didn't dump him sooner
I'm just taIking to guys' backs while they hit on her
I'm just talking on the phone to you
I'm just trying to expand your horizons a little bit tonight
I'm just wondering if they have a bar or not
I'm kind of liking his new facial hair.
I'm leaving Seoul for two months so can I freeze my FITNESS membership?
I'm looking at her saying I don't like you
I'm looking to improve a lot from there, though.
I'm making an exception because I respect you as an artist
I'm missing one of those screws for this table
I'm no longer curious about room information
I'm no longer curious about the details of this hotel room
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee.
I'm not asking you to be happy about it
I'm not bringing a date even if I wanted to
I'm not cut out for the kind of life you lead
I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there
I'm not even so sure anymore that we should want to
I'm not going anywhere until you get this guy out of my head
I'm not going to get those pearls and neither are you
I'm not going to listen to any more speeches ever again
I'm not going to sit on my ass wondering what's right and what's wrong
I'm not going to use the hotel sauna, close screen immediately 
I'm not gonna force sports on them unless they're interested
I'm not gonna wait around for three months just to have my heart ripped out
I'm not good enough for her to associate with
I'm not good enough to even talk about her
I'm not in the mood to eat anymore
I'm not in the mood to use the Sauna for today
I'm not proposing anything innovative, just implementing existing traffic standards.
I'm not questioning your word, but it's just not possible
I'm not ready to checkout. What are my options?
I'm not really sold on the whole charter school idea.
I'm not satisfied with the current AC performance, increase the wind speed
I'm not saying that we should completely ignore it.
I'm not showing any more Two beautiful flowers for two beautiful flowers
I'm not so sure I can say the same thing. You don't look like a cop
I'm not so sure of anything as you are
I'm not some snot-nosed resident fresh out of medical school, Blake
I'm not sure I have anything to drink
I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk
I'm not sure but you might try the first step
I'm not sure if that's true compared to other democracies.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for us
I'm not sure what happens after we die, but I have faith in that
I'm not surprised, the company you've been keeping the last ten years
I'm not the first man God has asked to fight in His name
I'm not thirsty anymore, close in-room dining screen
I'm not too hungry anymore
I'm not too young and not too old.
I'm not very proud of what I do
I'm not warm enough, increase the temperature of the room by 2 degrees
I'm okay, listen to me. Let's go with Judge, check it out
I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman.
I'm on my way to the school like you wanted
I'm on vacation, I want to use the spa
I'm out of the business now, so forget about it
I'm parched, is there water?
I'm placing a request for big towels
I'm placing a request for some sticky notes
I'm pleased to inform you that we've accepted your application for our summer fellowship
I'm pretty sure this is a mix tape you made me in sophomore year
I'm probably as guilty of it as anyone.
I'm proud to serve this organization, said Travis.
I'm putting you down and keeping you down until Ganz is locked up or dead
I'm ready to leave, turn off all the lights immediately
I'm ready to sleep now so turn off the lights near the bed
I'm really glad that you asked me out tonight
I'm really happy to see you, but I don't think of you that way anymore
I'm really nervous to get my record collection out of storage
I'm really not in the mood for one of your practical jokes
I'm really very sorry, Sir, that you feel this way
I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child
I'm requesting a change in bath mats
I'm requesting a mending kit
I'm requesting a shoe shine
I'm requesting big towels
I'm requesting for more soap
I'm requesting for some envelopes
I'm requesting for some foam pillow
I'm requesting more shampoo
I'm requesting tooth brush and toothpaste
I'm responsible for everything that happens here
I'm ruddy lazy, and I'm getting on in years.
I'm running in circles in the middle of some foreign country
I'm running low on body wash, please send more
I'm running low on conditioner, please send more
I'm running low on shampoo, please send more
I'm running low on shampoo, request more
I'm running low on toothpaste
I'm running out of body lotion, please send more
I'm running out of shower gel
I'm rushed, can I get a paper cup and a lid?
I'm satisfied with the information provided on the home screen
I'm satisfied with the results provided, I don't need to know more information regarding the topic
I'm selecting number one
I'm sitting here with a beautiful woman I just met, eating at my favorite restaurant
I'm so glad we decided to just stay home
I'm so glad you have to go to your parents next weekend
I'm so glad your roommates are out of town
I'm so tired I can hardly see out of my eyes
I'm sorry I couldn't go with you to Missy's funeral
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner, but I just read your note
I'm sorry I haven't been able to see you at all
I'm sorry about everything but I think I'll just do this now
I'm sorry but can I request a woman as my personal trainer at FITNESS?
I'm sorry but can you disregard the valet request I made?
I'm sorry if I caused you to lose your business deal
I'm sorry to announce that one week from today I will be leaving Metro News 1
I'm sorry to bother you, but I've got to talk to you
I'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this
I'm sorry, I don't know how I can help you here
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I know what you mean
I'm sorry, doctor, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this
I'm sort of amazed at how much I like you
I'm sort of professing my love here
I'm starving. Can you show me the menu?
I'm still in my cab, jammed up in traffic
I'm still sweating, I'd like to turn on the AC
I'm supposed to be saving it for our two month anniversary
I'm supposed to go home and be with him
I'm supposed to joke about things, aren't I?
I'm sure he will supply for us an apartment
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting
I'm sure she got out of here before it happened
I'm sure she'll dump me soon and we can go back to being friends
I'm sure that they did when Eisenhower was President.
I'm sure you could find a program here that's just as selective
I'm sure you didn't come here just to talk about art
I'm sure you got a lot of catching up to do
I'm sure you have hundreds of guys who are interested in you
I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor.
I'm sure you're quite willing to be decent about this
I'm sure, I'm positive it didn't happen the way Jack says it did
I'm taking your car and going back to the crime scene
I'm talking about a five dollar kick in the head that's a quick ticket to heaven
I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning
I'm telling him nothing but make sure he doesn't find out by himself
I'm telling you. I know she'll be there
I'm the guy in your bed the last three months
I'm thirsty
I'm thirsty, please send water
I'm thirsty, request more water
I'm three quarters of the way up the lot behind the concession stand
I'm told that dress is the very latest fashion in London
I'm too full to look at the menu right now
I'm trying to cut the military budget for the first time in thirty years
I'm trying to think of where there's a place to have a drink around here
I'm under 18, can I check into the hotel for my parents?
I'm used to lots of things, I work at Wal-Mart
I'm using that word a little too freely
I'm usually a very strong woman, but I'm awfully tired.
I'm very hungry, please help me find a menu for today
I'm very sad but Richard said that since it's Cary Grant, he completely understands
I'm very very hurt that you didn't call me first
I'm willing to give you one of the eights, lowering myself to a fifteen
I'm with the Bar-H, pushing a horse called Sparky.
I'm with you, but detective has an answer for that
I'm worried, school board treasurer Cheryl File said.
I've already found what I'm looking for through the main screen
I've always had an interest in government, he said.
I've always thought that you were a very nice person
I've been clicking the loose wires together hoping it'd make a connection
I've been following your mind all across the U.S
I've been hit with a carload of horseshoes, and believe me I know it
I've been in Eugene for about seven years.
I've been looking for one of those all my life!
I've been meaning to apologize for everything that happened
I've been privileged to provide services for people I admire
I've been seeing him for a few weeks
I've been taking pictures so long I don't know how to read anymore
I've been that far half a dozen times.
I've been there for all the big moments of you and Lily
I've been thinking about what you said about moving in here
I've been told I'm an excellent hugger
I've been trying to be your friend and you treat me in lovely!
I've been trying to get in here all night
I've been trying to get these right for weeks
I've been trying to get through that book ever since I first got here
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that
I've been wandering the streets day and night trying to find you
I've been wondering if maybe Jack shot Twombley, instead of Twombley shooting himself
I've changed my mind, help me cancel my order
I've checked in but my room is being cleaned. Can I use hotel facilities? 
I've checked out of the room, can the front desk hold my bags?
I've chosen my menu, how do I order in-room dining?
I've chosen the first number
I've chosen the first one
I've chosen the restaurant location for today, close out the screen now
I've commited myself to live my life with her
I've decided on number one
I've decided on the menu, close screen now
I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance
I've decided to go with the option found at the bottom of the list, please
I've decided to make you a special project of mine
I've done it a couple of times, I mean with guys I dated
I've done so much good today, I've got, like, a soul boner
I've fallen in love in a way I've never thought could happen my entire life
I've felt very uncomfortable since they brought it up from storage
I've finally found someone I can feel completely safe with
I've finished using the bathroom, you can turn off the lights now
I've forgotten my reservation. Can I check-in? 
I've forgotten the password to the wifi
I've found everything I needed to know regarding the hotel, close screen
I've got a Fire Marshall shot, Detective Jackson is hurt but not seriously
I've got a couple of spare pieces stashed under the floorboards
I've got a real feeling that this is the fellow
I've got another tie, I've got another one besides this one
I've got enough so we won't have to go out of the house till Tuesday
I've got mixed emotions, I am very relieved, he said.
I've got nothing else to do on Tuesdays and Thursdays
I've got some stuff to do this week, but I'm thinking maybe Thursday
I've got to play the hawk in Vietnam and the dove in China
I've got troubles, and I think maybe you've got troubles
I've had a jar of olives just sitting in my fridge forever
I've heard of people being scooped on their own funerals, but this!
I've invited him to write a small piece about you
I've just been offered a fellowship at a culinary institute in Germany
I've just checked in. What is the status of the room?
I've kind of lost interest since I've been working for them
I've learned enough information about the hotel, it's okay to quit the screen now
I've lived in Africa a year and I don't know what you know
I've looked at everything, I want to log out of the screen with dining information
I've looked over the menu and I'm not hungry anymore
I've lost my appetite
I've made the decision to eat somewhere, close screen now
I've made the decision to select the last option
I've met with circles all over the world.
I've never been in a place like this.
I've never been in jail ever in my life
I've never noticed that it improves things any.
I've never thought about it. what was the most exciting place you've ever been to?
I've not felt anything injury-wise since coming back, Meyer offered.
I've quit better jobs than this one, believe me
I've read enough details on hotel facilities, you can close the screen now
I've read enough information from the main menu, please close now
I've read everything I needed, please exit the screen now
I've read extensively on the subject
I've seen a lot of kids die, too, in World War II
I've seen enough, I want to close the menu
I've seen vampire blood, you don't have it running through your veins
I've spent many long hours in a car with your face staring back at me
I've stared at her and she stared at me back
I've thousands of memories but none of them are mine
I've tried to say it and I've said it badly
I've tried to stop the evening papers, but it's useless
I've used all my cotton swabs, please send more
I've used all my hand towels
I've used all my towels
I've used my shaving kit, please send over a new one
I've used my vanity kit already, request a new one
I've used the mini fridge, do I pay during checkout?
I've used up all the tissue paper
I've worked this ward for three months now.
I've written about this before, but it's worth repeating.
I?셝 like to measure my weight
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements.
IT's urgent, help me get an ambulance on the line
Ice baths, electric shocks, lashings, wild dogs, testicle crushers.
Ice caused the aerator to overload, straining the drive belts.
Ice cream? Isn???ice cream packed with sugar?
Ice cream? Isn?셳 ice cream packed with sugar?
Ideas we must have, and we seek them everywhere.
If AIDS protesters could take direct action, so could they.
If Ballard wasn't such a stubborn ass, I wouldn't have to be breaking in here
If Ganz gets away with my money, you're going to be sorry we ever met
If God be for us, who can be against us?
If God could do that, He could do anything.
If God intends you to go, then you will go
If Huey Newton takes a crap, I want to know how big it was
If I ask and you are, you have to tell me
If I bring in a picture, can the BOUTIQUE SPA design my nails that way?
If I can teach table manners to humans, I can save the world
If I check out online, will my bill get sent to my email address? 
If I could do that, I'd be at the goddamn racetrack, not here
If I could get into a game I might win some
If I did, I wouldn't come within fifty yards of your door
If I die, I die because I willed it so.
If I do ever get married, I'm keeping it simple
If I do what you tell me, will you love me?
If I do, I haven't found it yet!
If I don't come back tell Mother I love her
If I don't come back the people will think I'm a coward
If I don't deal with this, they really might try to take Jacob
If I don't have my ID, how else can I check-in?
If I don't, she'll go off and have the baby on her own somewhere
If I don't, you can totally tell me
If I don't have my reservation number, how else can I check-in?
If I ever get out of you, I'll be glad to call you my friend
If I get you back to the lab, will you get out of my head?
If I go home I won't be able to fall asleep anyway
If I go out at night, I'm afraid.
If I had known you were coming, I would have thrown you up a waffle
If I let her go, she'd disappear once more.
If I let you change me, will that do it?
If I moved out now I'd be acknowledging that what happened was real
If I need you again I know which rock to turn over
If I request valet parking, where would you park my car?
If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him
If I see anybody else cruising around I'll keep going
If I see them on the street, I am not going to let them walk by
If I stop, there'll be no more talk of divorce?
If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does
If I were in their place, I would use bombs
If I'd been against your taking this, you would have abandoned me
If I'm checking out early, do I still need to go to the front desk?
If I'm going to marry someone, she has to be perfect
If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years?
If Joe doesn't show up, we'll all be back here at 0600 hours.
If Trump is elected, our democracy will be at risk.
If a concessionaire runs the cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price.
If an act of God is what it takes, then an act of God it is
If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble
If anybody walked in here, I don't think they'd believe what they see
If anyone else told me that, I'd have serious doubts
If anything else happens, you have to promise you'll call me
If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows?
If anything happens to him now you will be blamed and he knows it
If desired, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple.
If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
If doubtful about a steak, boldly cut it in half.
If earthquakes do occur at such depths, why not deeper?
If guilty, the offender might be excluded from membership.
If he bothers you, don't pay him any mind.
If he didn't work more quickly, Taylor sacked him.
If he files are you going to take the case?
If he is a traditionalist, he is an eclectic traditionalist.
If he is not listening to you, he won't listen to nobody!
If he takes it, he's no longer the champion of the people
If it doesn't go well up there, he's gonna need some support
If it doesn't rain this weekend, she's gonna end up with the wrong guy
If it gets around that you fired me, I'll never land a pilot
If it isn't there I'm shooting her in the back
If it looks like I can't get back, just close the door
If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief
If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
If it were the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
If it were up to the Doctor, you'd be in pain
If it's a person, why should we go see it?
If it's any comfort to you, I don't think you're crazy
If it's my father they want then give him to them
If it's my kid, too, then I've got a responsibility, don't I?
If it's out there, I want to know about it.
If it's the tall man, he had one of those hair transplants
If not, IG Markets would inform his employer.
If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay.
If obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction.
If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure.
If parents don't value God's Word, children won't either.
If she could have blushed, she would have.
If she moved gracefully, she was clumsy at it.
If she says it looked at her, it looked at her
If she says she saw me doing it she's lying
If so, you are of the old school.
If someone needs help, there's always a bed available.
If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy
If something landed there, there would be a big scar in the ground
If that is right, did they stop there?
If that little weasel ever walked in here I wouldn't serve him
If that ring checks out, we'll give him an escort
If that was the skiff, it was making unprecedented speed.
If that woman were still alive, she'd be wearing it
If that's all you got, that's all we got left
If that's what you want to do, then you oughta do it
If the bottom bunk moves, the top bunk moves, too
If the company makes more money, you'll make more money.
If the facilities were bad what would he do?
If the farm is rented, the rent must be paid.
If the situation had been bad, it now got worse.
If there is a confined space, corrosion cannot be predicted.
If there isn't, I've just wasted the last six months
If there were only darkness, all would be clear.
If there's a TV in the room, you got to pay the option
If there's anything you feel uncomfortable talking about, tell me, but I have to ask
If there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive
If they are, they should call me, I guess.
If they can catch you in a lie, they can paint everything with that brush
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint.
If they don't tell me what I need to know
If they follow anyone, it'll have to be you.
If they kick my ass, they'll sure as hell carve yours up
If they want a public humiliation, that's what they'll get
If they're loyal, if they prove themselves, then their masters will turn them
If this coulda been avoided, I'll put that kid's ass in a sling
If this guy freaks out, will you protect us?
If this is some sales pitch I'm not buying,
If those are equal, conference record is used.
If we are to be friends, we must trust each other
If we can cut the ram, the Shark can pull herself loose!
If we can't raise the capital, we're through.
If we find the money I'll buy you an international conference all your own
If we go out there and spoil the mood, it's not gonna happen
If we go to the DMZ, can we see across into North Korea?
If we pull up to a burning building I'll gladly let you go first
If we stay with you, you'll take us down with you
If we use her, I want to direct those episodes
If we was both armed, you wouldn't talk so tough.
If we were lucky enough to catch him with his power depleted
If women replaced people, it would normally have dominant stress.
If you answer  yes,  then you must accept all the necessary consequences
If you are having fun, you are doing it right!
If you can find them, I will take their names to the police
If you can't think of a thing to do, try something -- anything.
If you could bag it, I'll be on my way, thank you
If you could go anywhere in the world, anywhere, where would you want to go?
If you did that, you'd get nothing except the police after you
If you didn't want to do it, you should have said so!
If you do the math, that's over thirty grand a week profit
If you don't get married in that time, you have to re-propose
If you don't hang around in this circle, no reason it should
If you don't laugh, it just seems mean
If you don't let go, Doctor Jones, we'll both die
If you don't mind I think I'll stay at the hotel
If you don't mind him seeing you, I don't mind
If you don't mind me asking, how much is something like that?
If you don't mind me asking, what is the reason you are in this place?
If you don't start meeting him halfway, you're gonna lose him
If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice, I'll never forgive you!
If you don't want my film, I'll call another show
If you don't want to, I suppose that's okay too
If you don't, one or more of your competitors will.
If you get that joke, please get back to me.
If you grew up in Kentucky, you might champion Dixie.
If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard?
If you have a pencil and paper, I'll tell you how to send it
If you haven't already, it's time to grow up.
If you haven't tasted this delight, check it out.
If you haven't, then I applaud your Christian restraint.
If you just gave it a chance, you might like it
If you just leave me to hell alone, Lieutenant.
If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it?
If you let me go, I will tell you where he is
If you like, I can assign another producer to edit your show
If you miss a day, they'll ask where you were.
If you read it, you'll know what I'm telling you is true
If you screw up, I can promise you, you're going down
If you take the one, you'd better take both.
If you think we can beat that, you got some brass ones
If you two are looking for a fight, you got one
If you want me to say yes right now, I can't do that
If you want to come up a minute, I'll show you some pictures
If you want to fight, go down on the sidewalk.
If you want to keep your head on your shoulders, you'll do as I say
If you were going to come back you wouldn't have taken me out tonight
If you were really great and powerful, you'd keep your promises
If you were with the police you wouldn't have done it
If you weren't digging up a girl who died six years ago
If you weren't going for a spare what were you doing?
If you won't accept our proposal, we'll simply find someone who will
If you won't be truthful, then you've left me no choice
If you'll excuse me, he said, "I think I will go home."
If you're a good ballplayer, you've got to get mad.
If you're determined to revive the crew now, I can handle the whole thing myself
If you're interested, we're located in Highland Park.
If you're looking for a quickie all you've got to do is ask
If you're not human, then why do you bleed like us?
If you're not with me, Violet, then I have to assume you're against me
If you're trying to seduce me, Dr. Jones, this is a very primitive approach
If your checks have been stolen or misused, stop payment.
If your dog bites, you will be held responsible.
Ike has risen from homelessness to be a successful businessman.
Imagine his son being that good in science!
Imagine if he were in the Giants rotation.
Immediately after dinner, however, Rousseau asks for still another favor.
Immediately exit out of the home display, I don't want to look at it anymore
Immediately select the sixteenth option from the options on display
Immediately, the free world was up in arms.
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven.
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved.
Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals.
In 1893, the US economy hit some serious problems.
In 1932, GM's Cadillac company was having real problems.
In 1932, Hitler and his Nazi party came to power.
In 1936 he decided to migrate to America.
In 1938, Hitler's German army marched into Czechoslovakia.
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic.
In 1952 Mr. Eisenhower won all but Missouri.
In 1952, it will be remembered, the G.O.P.
In 1958, the Birds were 3-10 on May 1.
In 1960, there were 7287 entries in the Junior Classes.
In 1969, it seemed like a crazy idea.
In 1991, Jennifer is back in the US.
In 1993 we were not concentrating on the Internet.
In 1993, he wants an actress for the show.
In 1998, PRINCESS was made available to the sales team.
In 1999, the company had sales of around $750 million.
In 2001, Jennifer stars in The Wedding Planner.
In America, such self-deception has served a particularly useful purpose.
In April 1987, evidence surfaced that commissions were paid.
In China, the magical system par excellence was Taoism.
In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession.
In Islam, you are a slave to God, she said.
In Japan, four stores opened and twenty more were planned.
In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street.
In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
In Precinct 4, the position is a head accountant.
In Queensland, the merger proposal has received a mixed response.
In Revolution Square, they put up a giant cross today.
In Singapore, stocks hit a five year low.
In Texas, most of that land is privately owned.
In West Side Story, Rita Moreno plays Anita.
In a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain.
In a fallen world there will always be bullies.
In a few years, we will have SAMOS.
In a frenzy of excitement, he considered his plan.
In a lot of ways things are better now
In a natural state, the same is true for humans.
In a pool of blood, landmarks of repression stand out.
In a speech, he called the challenge a growing issue.
In a video posted in mid-January at change.
In a way he's such a clueless dork that he's almost cool
In a week the hyacinths would spike out.
In a year or two, you won't recognize this town
In a year these kids won't even remember who we are
In addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and illustrations.
In addition, the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of much structural information.
In addition, they need to be replaced relatively often.
In addition, we received this footage, taken over the last few months
In all due respect, he sounds kind of pathetic to me
In all of this I didn't get the chance to thank you two
In all the turmoil, some good legislation was passed.
In ancient times women were rarely seen in the street.
In any case, there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels.
In any event, whatever occurs you do not belt anybody
In case I didn't tell you, it's cash only, gentlemen
In case I ever need to roll over on somebody
In case you hadn't noticed, we lost two men while you were out farting around
In case you haven't noticed, this wasn't our finest hour
In case you haven't noticed, we're in a little bit of a crisis here
In certain cases, as in Dick Stewart's, a child's personality is affected.
In classical drama, such problems do not arise.
In contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more formal.
In each case there was an initial act of violence.
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
In exchange, we ask only that you follow the rules
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
In fact he was right to be worried.
In fact there is a question mark on everything.
In fact, I am the only person who can do it
In fact, I don't even see any point in your changing hotels
In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere.
In fact, he was the captain, I think he said.
In fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
In fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
In fact, she has already been tightening asylum law piecemeal.
In fact, the time was just right for Taylor's ideas.
In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill
In fact, we already have examples of interstellar travel today.
In five years a hundred-centimeter flat screen will be affordable.
In front of him is a gold phone.
In front of it would be his workbench.
In hindsight, there were telltale clues from the start.
In his concept there could be no one else present.
In his grave there was a cloth or a dress or something
In his office, Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly.
In his opinion, Doc had not grown up.
In insulation, the numbers to remember are 6-4-2.
In it, five large figures tower over the street corner.
In just about every athletic activity there are two parts.
In keeping with tonight's motif, I'd like to announce this evening's big twist ending
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep.
In major market activity, treasury bond prices fell.
In many cases, the money went to survivors.
In many ways I feel as though you were my own son
In modern business, she says, it's exactly the same situation.
In movie they make of us, who do you think would act me?
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger.
In my three months off the apps, I experienced both.
In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, POP plunged $4 to $14.75.
In one night, I managed to hurt two people I cared about
In or out, should I kiss her goodnight?
In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds.
In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to take a test
In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to undergo a test
In other words, we can't seen like we're in the revenge business
In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring
In police and citizen interactions, power dynamics are rarely equal.
In pregnant women, lead is associated with reduced fetal growth.
In reality, she is working for both objectives.
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary.
In richer areas, people tried to keep their wealth secret.
In seconds all four cars were out of sight.
In short, and to borrow an arboreal phrase, slash timber.
In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects.
In some areas, the progress is slower than in others.
In some industries, like pharmaceuticals, acquisitions make sense.
In some instances a seventh question can be added.
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress.
In that case it's a Class D felony.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school wide blow out
In that way there's no trouble for the customer.
In that year she makes the movie The Cell.
In that year, she makes On the 6.
In the $300-a-share buyout, that totaled about $76.7 million.
In the 1930's, cures for the depression literally flooded Washington.
In the 1990s Tom Peters's ideas changed again.
In the Face of Savagery, What Do You Do?
In the United States, the picture was banned.
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness.
In the book, he asked some important questions.
In the corner was the soldier with the white flag.
In the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets.
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire.
In the end, he didn't have to make a decision.
In the end, remember that caffeine is a drug.
In the fall, the group announced several new board members.
In the fight against cancer, I'm on the side of cancer
In the future, food will most likely be served in gel-cap form
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards.
In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp.
In the late 1940s, Japanese society was slowly changing.
In the later poems, however, the personal tone predominates.
In the long run, it really doesn't matter.
In the meantime, please sign-in and have a seat
In the meantime, we must make new contacts, replace our arrested brothers, reorganize our sections
In the newsroom at CNN, careful planning was impossible.
In the next few days they had cause to rejoice.
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
In the past, Europe too had the feudal system.
In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone.
In the plastic arts, a very similar situation exists.
In the realm of physical sensations, sex reigns supreme.
In the same year, Jennifer is in four movies.
In the second period, however, both teams changed their tactics.
In the second test, the lighting conditions were made worse.
In the south, things hardly look more promising.
In the street the traffic was really frightening.
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors.
In the tool crib she can't get away.
In the twilight of my career, do I deserve this?
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers.
In the whole courtyard, only one person didn't come to the window
In the winter, you can have a goal too.
In the year-earlier quarter, the tax credit was $3.3 million.
In their eyes, she is the standard
In their eyes, they are in a no-lose situation.
In this extremely sick picture there are very serious problems.
In this final line, we have the key to his nature.
In this forest, there is enough danger to sweep us away in days!
In this heavy air, however, that device did not seem to help.
In this respect I think the European institutions did well.
In this respect, boats can be compared with houses.
In this section I concentrate on production processes.
In this sense also, they are surely conformists.
In this system, no man is exempt from obligations.
In this, philosophy and science share a common goal.
In to tell him, of course, to is normally unstressed.
In total, 18 branches will pick up funding province wide.
In view of the particular circumstances, the housing allowance.
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist?
In what section of the country are you located?
In working, always slip marker from one needle to another.
In your opinion, why did Frank kidnap Dorothy's son and husband?
In your present condition, Alice, we're worried about your ability
Incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment.
Includes a catered dinner and live and silent auctions.
Incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels.
Increase air conditioner
Increase air conditioner by one degree
Increase air conditioning by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by one degree
Increase air conditioning temperature by two degrees
Increase air conditioning to 20 degrees Celsius
Increase heating
Increase heating temperature
Increase heating temperature by two degrees
Increase heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase room eating by one degree
Increase room heating by one degree
Increase room temperature
Increase room temperature by one degree
Increase room temperature to 22 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating
Increase the heating of the room to 30 degrees Celsius
Increase the heating temperature
Increase the room temperature
Increase the room temperature by two degrees
Increase your physical activity and maintain a healthy weight
Increased demand means strong price competition for suppliers between processors.
Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency.
Indeed, we are forced to go much farther.
Indians and Cavaliers game-day parking will be permitted.
Indication : The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward.
Industry analyst Steve Spencer believes other processors will follow suit.
Inform him the fee is seventy five large for your return
Inform the front desk that I need bath salts
Inform the hotel staff that I need an extra mattress
Information about check-in
Information about check-out
Information about wifi
Information for hotel check-in
Information for hotel check-out
Inquire front desk number
Inquire front number
Inquire time for hotel check-in
Inquire time for hotel check-out
Inquire wifi password
Inside that leather bag with the pockets is a package of lens cleaners
Inside the hearing room, those signs will be forbidden.
Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly.
Inside, bunks are framed up and installed as indicated.
Inspections are being planned in other Queensland tomato growing regions.
Instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas.
Instead of radiators you'll have cooling-heating units, each with its own thermostat.
Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.
Instead, he says, the meals have had the opposite effect.
Instead, once again, he chose the most difficult direction.
Instead, representatives from all 32 NFL teams looked on.
Instead, they ask the people of the Internet.
Instead, they went on down the hall to their room.
Intangibles entered, then -- hunches which felt like facts.
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem
Internal national responsibility, now a truism, need not be documented.
International Salt Company in United States will be closing
International Women's Day is this coming Sunday, March eighth.
Interpreter Jinny Kim says the competition is fierce.
Inventories increased $625,000 to $8 million during the year and should decline in coming months.
Investigating Arson is a top priority of ATF.
Investigation into the cause of the incident is ongoing.
Investment-grade corporate, municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell.
Investors have seen a lot worse in recent months.
Investors need to keep a track of such changes.
Invitations can come in ways we might never expect.
Invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov.
Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members.
Iraq has 17 million residents, and Kuwait about 1.9 million.
Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is deeper.
Ironically, most political leaders are also big landowners.
Irrigated his face with the shot of J and B I'd just poured him
Irvine tries to save him but the rope breaks.
Is Betty still trying to find that soap opera guy?
Is Bukchon Village a large area to cover for a quick tour?
Is FITNESS hosting any pilates or hot yoga classes today?
Is Palais de Chine authentic Chinese food or a fusion type?
Is Visa or Mastercard okay to use during check in? 
Is Walter Wallace any relation to Henry A Wallace?
Is a company as important as a country?
Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie?
Is a playoff rematch also in the works?
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money?
Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts?
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety?
Is betting allowed at the Seoul racehorse races and events?
Is bibimbap suitable for vegans or are there vegan bibimbap restaurants?
Is bringing small pets into department stores and markets like Costco permitted?
Is dental floss available?
Is ethernet cabled internet service available inside the guests' hotel rooms?
Is free breakfast included with my room or must I pay separately?
Is ginseng chicken soup or samgyetang okay for people with gluten allergies?
Is he Santa Claus who has left a present for Dorothy?
Is it all right for a woman to walk around this area at night?
Is it better to go to the DMZ with an organize tour company?
Is it cheaper to buy things in the markets or online?
Is it common for bars to check IDs and ages in Seoul?
Is it expensive to visit a traditional teahouse in Insadong?
Is it faster for me to get Yeouido if I take a bus or subway?
Is it faster to get to Incheon International Airport or Gimpo Airport from here?
Is it faster to get to Lotte World by bus or by subway from here?
Is it in technologically advanced and developed societies?
Is it larger or fancier than you really need?
Is it legal to drink outside on the streets in Seoul?
Is it necessary to check out of a hotel, or can I just leave?
Is it necessary to tell the front desk when I will be checking in? 
Is it ok if I leave my car you think?
Is it possible for a beginner climber to reach the summit of Bukhansan?
Is it possible for me to get two lockers at FITNESS?
Is it possible for us to go somewhere where we can try making kimchi?
Is it possible for you to get a refill on my medication prescription?
Is it possible for you to get two last-minute tickets to the EXO concert tomorrow?
Is it possible for you to recommend a private guide for us?
Is it possible to be moved to a different room in the hotel?
Is it possible to brighten up the lights?
Is it possible to check in about an hour early?
Is it possible to check-out from my room
Is it possible to close the screen that contains this information
Is it possible to get 2 child sized slippers
Is it possible to get a highball glass sent to the room?
Is it possible to get a wakeup call at 8:30 Monday morning?
Is it possible to get a whiskey glass sent to the room?
Is it possible to get thirty bowls brought up to my room?
Is it possible to go on a ferry cruise tour along the Han River?
Is it possible to have another mug sent to the room?
Is it possible to have my car parked above ground rather than underground?
Is it possible to host an event at the Palais de Chine for 100 people?
Is it possible to increase the brightness of the room?
Is it possible to increase the temperature of the AC?
Is it possible to make this room colder? Bring down the temperature by 5 degrees
Is it possible to select the last option from the list?
Is it possible to turn down the AC?
Is it quicker to get to Lotte World by subway or by train?
Is it recommended to go to Bukhansan alone or with a group?
Is it safe for woman to visit Gangnam alone at night?
Is it safe to eat street vendor food in the city?
Is it safe to go on a tour of the DMZ?
Is it that hard to get citizenship in Pakistan?
Is it too cold outside to run my AC?
Is it too early to order room service?
Is it too late to book a treatment session at the BOUTIQUE SPA for tomorrow?
Is it too late to make a BOUTIQUE SPA appointment for today at 2 PM?
Is it too late to order something to eat right now?
Is it true that Emart closes on the second Sundays of every month?
Is it true that Korean people sleep overnight in jjimjilbangs?
Is it true that people only work for money?
Is it true that restaurants will deliver food to picnic spots near Hangang River?
Is it true that they don't want responsibility?
Is it worth the cost and the risks?
Is my AC temperature setting too low?
Is my credit card being charged during check-in?
Is my driver's license acceptable to check-in to the hotel?
Is my room currently at 70 degrees ?
Is my room ready for me to check in to?
Is parking free for hotel guests or is that not included?
Is room service available around the clock at the hotel?
Is she the kid you're going to save from the burning building?
Is that still a goal on your horizon?
Is that what you're hoping to find at this palace, Dr. Jones?
Is that woman a complete fruit loop or is it just me?
Is that written somewhere, can someone cite that for me?
Is the AC blocked? It's still hot
Is the AC blowing air right now?
Is the AC running right now?
Is the AC turned on right now?
Is the AC working properly?
Is the BOUTIQUE SPA a franchise chain or run by the hotel?
Is the BOUTIQUE SPA responsible for lost or stolen items?
Is the Buwon Myeonok open at this time of night?
Is the Joint Security Area at the DMZ a place accessible to tourists?
Is the SOMA Museum of Art open today and how much does it cost?
Is the additional seating going to pay for itself?
Is the air conditioner on?
Is the air conditioner working now?
Is the coffee machine working properly?
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority?
Is the desk lamp on or off right now?
Is the fitness center free for all the guests?
Is the fitness center open during the holidays?
Is the gym open now?
Is the heater working properly?
Is the heater working properly? It doesn't feel strong enough
Is the heating for the room on?
Is the heating on?
Is the hotel gym open right now?
Is the hotel gym open?
Is the hotel indoor pool and jacuzzi open to all hotel guests?
Is the hotel room safe, safe?
Is the hotel room's WiFi password written here case sensitive?
Is the hotel sauna available right now?
Is the hotel sauna open right now?
Is the hotel sauna open?
Is the hotel swimming pool open right now?
Is the hotel swimming pool open?
Is the hotel's gym open for 24 hours a day?
Is the internet only accessible by WiFi or ethernet as well?
Is the outdoor pool available during the winter?
Is the room heating on?
Is the room heating system working?
Is the room heating up right now?
Is the room heating up? It still feels cold
Is the room's wifi working right now?
Is the sauna available for both men and women?
Is the sauna open and available throughout the year?
Is the sauna open now?
Is the swimming pool open now?
Is the temperature dropping any time soon?
Is the weather today favorable for a Hangang ferry cruise?
Is the wifi working for this room?
Is the wifi working? 
Is there 5G wifi available for this room?
Is there WiFi at FITNESS that I can access without paying another fee?
Is there a 7-Eleven or Family Mart close to the hotel?
Is there a brochure available that explains all the facilities at this hotel?
Is there a business center available for use?
Is there a charge for valet parking at this hotel?
Is there a different reality behind the facade?
Is there a doctor in the hotel? I need assistance
Is there a faster way of checking in?
Is there a fee to go jetskiing at Jamsil Water Leisure Park?
Is there a fee to use the fitness center for guests staying at this hotel?
Is there a fee to use the hotel's money exchange service?
Is there a heater in this room?
Is there a hospital or clinic that caters specifically to tourists?
Is there a hotel brochure somewhere?
Is there a humidifier available for me to request?
Is there a lid and a paper cup I can use?
Is there a lid available for me to request?
Is there a lifeguard on duty at the hotel swimming pool?
Is there a lint brush available?
Is there a lock safe that I can use in my hotel room?
Is there a lounge with cocktails available?
Is there a mandatory entrance fee for nightclubs in Seoul after midnight?
Is there a more roundabout way to get to Hongdae so that I hit less traffic?
Is there a number for a pediatrician?
Is there a pamphlet with the check out information?
Is there a password for the room's wifi?
Is there a password required for the wifi?
Is there a photocopy and printer that I can use at the hotel?
Is there a place close by we can eat a midnight meal at?
Is there a place in Seoul that caters to anime fans?
Is there a place in Seoul where I can borrow a wheelchair?
Is there a place in the spa where I can safeguard my valuables?
Is there a place out here that I can buy travel insurance from?
Is there a place that I can leave my children at while I go to the spa?
Is there a place that will deliver food to our hotel room this late at night?
Is there a place where I can learn more about Korean skincare?
Is there a place where we can experience a traditional Korean tea ceremony?
Is there a reason to check out when leaving the hotel?
Is there a relaxation zone within the sauna?
Is there a restaurant that serves good meals to go?
Is there a restaurant where I can eat temple food?
Is there a sauna or a steambath available at your spa?
Is there a service charge for utilizing the hotel spa service?
Is there a smith machine available for use at FITNESS?
Is there a specific time I need to check-in to the hotel by?
Is there a spot available at the BOUTIQUE SPA for an upper lip waxing?
Is there a table charge at the Palais de Chine?
Is there a valet attendant who can deal with my vehicle?
Is there a wake up call
Is there a wakeup alarm set?
Is there a wakeup call in place?
Is there a wakeup call set up?
Is there a wakeup call?
Is there a way that I can check out online? 
Is there a way to cancel room service?
Is there a way to change the amount of humidity in the room?
Is there a way to check-in online or through an app?
Is there a way to check-in using the internet?
Is there a way to connect to the wifi?
Is there a way to control the sheer curtains only?
Is there a way to increase the room's temperature by 3 degrees?
Is there a way to look up details for the check-in process?
Is there a way to lower the temperature by 5 degrees?
Is there a way to see the status of the AC in this room?
Is there a way to see the status of this room?
Is there a way to turn off the AC for now?
Is there a way to use the gym while I wait to check-in?
Is there a way to warm up this room?
Is there an active wakeup alarm?
Is there an additional cost to include breakfast with our stay?
Is there an adults only time at the hotel swimming pool?
Is there an affordable all-you-can-eat Korean barbecue restaurant in Gangnam?
Is there an age restriction to use the hotel's fitness center?
Is there an age restriction to use the pool?
Is there an appropriate place in Seoul where I can go fishing?
Is there an entrance fee for the gym?
Is there an entrance fee for the sauna?
Is there an entrance fee to be admitted to the War Museum?
Is there an entrance fee to use the gym?
Is there an extra fee to access the hotel FITNESS?
Is there an extra fee to rent an air purifier for three days?
Is there another night market besides Dongdaemun that we can visit?
Is there any body lotion I could use?
Is there any other charges I have to deal with before I leave?
Is there any other way to do the job?
Is there any point in going to Myeongdong if we've already visited COEX?
Is there any shampoo I could use?
Is there any way out of the predicament?
Is there anybody who can park my car for me?
Is there anyone available to help me in the front desk?
Is there anything I can get for my child at the spa facility?
Is there anything appropriate for children to eat at the Palais de Chine?
Is there anything interesting to do in my hotel?
Is there anything to eat in this thing?
Is there body scrub available?
Is there breakfast to go?
Is there conditioner available?
Is there dehumidifier available to help with the humidity?
Is there early check-in?
Is there express check-out?
Is there free WiFi access at the fitness center?
Is there generally a dress code for the nightclubs in Hongdae?
Is there glossy paper available?
Is there handicap parking on site?
Is there humidifier available?
Is there ice available?
Is there moisturizer available?
Is there more information about the time the gym closes?
Is there parking available near Bukchon Folk Village or is driving there a bad idea?
Is there shaving cream?
Is there some magic in it that assures results?
Is there something I should know about the check-out process for this room?
Is there toothpaste available?
Is there white-out?
Is this a reason for saving no one?
Is this a smoking or non-smoking room?
Is this just happened because you lost your favorite toy?
Is this life-death question a part of the chaos?
Is this place at room temperature right now? It doesn't feel like it
Is this room at room temperature?
Is this set to room temperature? Please increase the temperature
Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand?
Is traffic usually bad on the bridges over the Hangang River?
Is valet parking a free service or do I have to pay?
Isaac also collaborated with other Quebecois artists on the recording.
Isn't it strange how our expectations have changed?
Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle?
Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
Isn't there always crime, and hasn't there always been?
Isn't there anyone in the neighborhood who might cast an eye in her direction?
Isn't there room for just one more person?
Israel-Syrian talks have been cut off for nearly two years.
Issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions.
It added another 5% Monday before stocks rallied.
It all did look very efficient and shipshape.
It all takes place in the eighteenth century.
It almost always works out for the best.
It also aspires to reach the marginalized sector.
It also does not support state income tax returns.
It also has a drive-through and a delivery truck.
It always takes me a little while to get a name fixed in my mind
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose.
It began selling its products online in mid-1996.
It bothered her that she probably would never know.
It bothers me when cops get hurt while I'm making a play
It came up again and again in the discussion sessions.
It can also free workers from slow paper processes.
It can hold back up to 20 feet of water.
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit.
It cannot be effectively solved by treating the symptoms only.
It cannot be purely a matter of inertia.
It circled her thighs, exploring with its icy tentacles.
It cites 'longstanding, systemic weaknesses' related to communications.
It clanged shut as he sprang toward it.
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor.
It contains, in fact, their whole outlook on life.
It could have the same effect on Communists.
It could prove fatal for them as well as yourself
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
It depends on what you define as eradication, he said.
It detects and fixes minor file system logical errors.
It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted.
It didn't even have its own Facebook account, he says.
It didn't matter if someone was a bit off-key.
It didn't matter if the workers were unhappy.
It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training
It doesn't embrace only the artist, alone before his easel.
It doesn't jeopardize big seafood suppliers a bit, everyone benefits.
It doesn't make sense if you think about it
It doesn't seem possible, but could it be an electrical storm center?
It doesn't stop us trying, though, does it?
It drops again after fifteen and twenty-one days.
It earned $2 million from Freddie Mac for its work.
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles.
It exists, I know that to be true, he said.
It feels like I've been on a Cook's Tour some place
It feels like the press box is living that now.
It feels like, maybe I don't wanna say it
It feels stuffy, I want a dehumidifier
It feels stuffy, put in a request for a dehumidifier
It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet.
It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam, like metal.
It gets to number two in the US.
It gets worse you still have your freshman yearbook?
It gives you permission to act irrationally without repercussion.
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
It had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter.
It had been due to expire Friday evening.
It had been empty since the war started.
It had been previously thought that over-hunting was to blame.
It had everything they wanted for their wedding, but it was never available
It had given them no useful information at all.
It happened on the second hole, a 55-yarder.
It has already wiped out half the wild devil population.
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
It has been in progress for some time now.
It has come to mean economic development in general.
It has made a big difference in my life.
It has many training exercises including repelling from a helicopter.
It has since been shared across the world.
It has taken many years to get to this point.
It has to be experienced, it can't be imagined
It has to do with teachers' salaries and tenure.
It hasn't made merger overtures to the board.
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off.
It included sweaters in thirty-six shades of wool.
It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground.
It is a big project, not to be taken lightly.
It is a bittersweet day for one outback mail contractor,
It is a day of eat, drink and be merry.
It is a dual-purpose cattle and does not have horns.
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death.
It is a role that must be taken seriously.
It is a souvenir from the world's fair
It is also a teaching on priesthood celibacy.
It is also our church, so it made sense.
It is an organized system of these things.
It is an ugly business and there are few, if any, wreaths for them.
It is an unmitigated threat to responsible land management.
It is best for you to go when you are not hungry
It is dull business, detecting, and hard on feet.
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards.
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time.
It is experienced by everyone regardless of age and sexuality.
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess.
It is good to see those numbers again.
It is hard to blame them for this.
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet.
It is important for you to know that information?
It is issued weekly throughout the college year.
It is just that he opposes the proposed location.
It is known as an aggressive, tenacious litigator
It is like asking if this corn is as yellow as that hill is steep
It is likely to be long and bloody.
It is more than just putting pieces of wood together
It is normally the biggest event of the year.
It is not a 'hit or miss' diagnosis.
It is not a mess you can make sense of.
It is not binding upon another Superior Court, which could rule to the contrary.
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil.
It is not enough simply to dismantle the Jungle.
It is not just the PNM fanatics who hear that.
It is not only the region that desperately needs this.
It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft.
It is not that such questions are not asked.
It is not, however, on Saturday, as originally posted.
It is obviously humorous to us as an audience.
It is plain as hell Johnson is no reactionary.
It is possible and I know this isn't something you want to hear
It is pretty hard for me to fall asleep when I go to bed
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science.
It is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
It is said that all who feel its taint will succumb to the Thirst
It is so long since I have heard that word
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere.
It is such rubbish that I am not even angry at it
It is taxpayers' dollars being used to address taxpayers' needs.
It is terrible to have lives end so randomly.
It is that fight that encouraged him to run.
It is the best ever yearling sale on Australian soil.
It is the capacity to get to know oneself.
It is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
It is the driving force in a performance.
It is the first commercially caught species to be listed.
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world.
It is the same ole same, tell me its name.
It is the wages of sin, and its sting is the law.
It is their job to think about the unthinkable.
It is there and it must be allowed in.
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy.
It is time to unify and take action.
It is unclear how many shots were fired, police said.
It is very chic to drive foreign cars.
It is very wrong for you to be alone with her he added gravely
It is well liked by the children and faculty.
It is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort.
It isn't human not to feel lonely, it isn't human not to afraid!
It just doesn't happen like it used to.
It just felt like there could be this weird connection between us
It looks like Larry's got everything, he said.
It looks like an explosion ripped through it.
It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers
It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing.
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
It made sense in that context on its own terms.
It makes me sick that I said that to you
It makes the project easier to handle now
It may at times have to do with human trafficking.
It may be the only thing in my life I've been so clear about wanting
It may just be that the footer is outdated.
It may take awhile but you'll be found after we're long gone
It may, on occasion, be anything but that.
It might pay to reexamine a few of your more primitive notions
It must be using the duct system to get around
It must have been at that point that they decided to steal the money
It must have got there when you fell against me.
It needs a two-thirds' approval from voters to take effect.
It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him.
It now serves the President in his oval office.
It only takes about two hours to install the flags.
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.
It probably wouldn't be a good idea for them to get together at this point
It provides a frame for the sampling census.
It provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled.
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield.
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
It required strength, bravado, daring to commit murder.
It requires a great deal of empathy and knowledge.
It said Gala artists will be announced soon.
It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls
It says it is still assessing the damages.
It seemed as if they were all under a spell.
It seemed as though she were always auditioning.
It seemed clean now, but Alec decided against a bath.
It seemed that her dream had come true.
It seemed that nothing could stop the car.
It seems a particular patient of yours has captured his fancy
It seems as though you might have modeled for the artist
It seems college isn't what it should be.
It seems like the AC is too strong, decrease the wind speed
It seems like the room is still cold, I want to increase the room's temperature
It seems that he was a thief and an imposter
It seems that the council is actually doing things.
It seems to me that it rather easily can.
It seems to me that there isn't a bar in here
It seems to me the man is preparing his own cross
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that.
It should be turned into a museum, she said.
It should make for really fun skiing, Long said.
It should not be postponed later than the next day.
It shows that the government is really afraid of me.
It shows that the school is moving forward, he said.
It simply isn't, not by a long shot.
It slips away, it burns and tortures me.
It smelt so good that it went to the little Mouse's head
It sold 500,000 copies in its first week!
It soothed the rash and diminished the pain a lot.
It sounded like a man kicking a melon.
It sounds like you need to read better books.
It still doesn't make sense, but it isn't worth any quarter of a million either
It still doesn?셳 feel warm in my room, turn on the heater
It stood in its original form until 1882.
It takes longer than five minutes to really get to know someone
It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid
It tells me we're somebody now, Gardner said.
It took a lot of years of experience, she said.
It took a tragedy to bring things to a head.
It took him a long time to compose himself.
It took me less than five minutes to write.
It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace.
It took three more vodka cranberries to subdue Claudia
It took you long enough to get my ass out
It turns out some things are worth preserving
It turns out something else was in the works.
It turns out that he is a fan of my reporting for BBC
It used to be called the Resource Recovery Fund Board.
It was Freddy, and he's coming back for seconds, thirds, and fourths
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle.
It was John who found the lion tracks.
It was Mallory and Irvine, climbing strongly towards the summit.
It was May of 2006 in New York City, and life was good
It was Mr. Jack, bellowing out in the hall.
It was a Miss contest for crying out loud.
It was a bad run fit on third-and-18.
It was a beautiful, white building surrounded by gardens.
It was a better job and it paid more money.
It was a chaser he really made his mark, though.
It was a clear night and it was raining!
It was a dream, you're awake, you're all right, now
It was a good joke, but it was also true.
It was a good way to end his career.
It was a grotesque hen, five or six feet tall.
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute.
It was a long, difficult journey which took a month.
It was a nice place, not filled with smoke.
It was a real breakthrough for African Americans.
It was a relief to get rid of the weight.
It was a relief when they finally came.
It was a thirty-kilometer round trip, but school was important.
It was a thrill he felt no part in.
It was a time of revelations for him.
It was a view no man had ever seen before.
It was a walk up on Hudson Street.
It was all Greg had time to see.
It was all made of stuff that's happened to you in the last few days
It was all my doing -- his seeing her.
It was almost as white as his teeth.
It was almost impossible to believe that anything could change.
It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch.
It was also the time of the Vietnam war.
It was an immediate success among certain kinds of people.
It was as if it had been done.
It was at this point that an unforeseen hiccup occurred.
It was at times a long, difficult road
It was bad judgment on your part, plain and simple
It was barely possible that his brother was right.
It was believed that each belligerent party had his reasons.
It was best to die fighting the marines.
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it.
It was clear that Everest had won - this time.
It was clear, though, that Mallory had stopped using oxygen.
It was crazy in there, but I threw up, and now I feel better
It was curious how the different visitors took this.
It was dark and the road was lined with bushes.
It was dark early, because of the storm.
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century.
It was difficult to stand, hardly possible to walk.
It was easier to think now, Watson decided.
It was evident that Mullins was the man to go.
It was exactly the message that Americans wanted.
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
It was for him, says board member Barbara Hatch.
It was for love that he had served the Navy.
It was free, I recall that was the chief selling point for you
It was fun, fast and, at times, brutal.
It was funny but it was also touching.
It was given or it was not given.
It was hard but I didn't want to give up.
It was harder to climb without the ski sticks.
It was history that must be in error, not the historian.
It was just going to be one of those days.
It was just that little accidents played into her hands.
It was just this thing that happened along with everything else
It was left out of him at birth.
It was like hitting a sack of salt.
It was like my teddy bear when I was growing up
It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could
It was meant to insult him, and didn't quite succeed.
It was merely an attempt to frighten her.
It was most unlikely that she would be firm.
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first.
It was my finger that pulled the trigger, but I'm not morally responsible
It was nice then, so peaceful and quiet.
It was nice to be able to isolate it.
It was not a discourteous question, Lawrence decided.
It was not, whatever tale was told by tails.
It was nothing, though his heart was thumping wildly.
It was only a matter of time, they agreed.
It was part of a citywide move toward full integration.
It was probably 50 years old at that time, and it made truly terrible coffee
It was probably a hundred times bigger than your company.
It was probably luck- I'd rather you did the shooting
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
It was quite a bit to do with me
It was quite heartening to earn such titles.
It was really a May and December combination.
It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
It was said that he had had a vision.
It was signed by everyone in the troupe.
It was so cute how he had his own little bags
It was soon clear that he had no choice.
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm.
It was the beginning of a great creative friendship.
It was the call of the wild all right.
It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis.
It was the employees that made it a success.
It was the first blow that was always difficult.
It was the first deal of its type in Australia.
It was the first jazz he had heard.
It was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen.
It was the only way to get his attention
It was the principle of the thing, he said.
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office.
It was the rag-man told me about the place
It was the time of the Cold War.
It was the tower again and the bell, and the old Spanish village
It was the worst financial disaster of the twentieth century.
It was they who held the future in their hands.
It was through Geffen that he met Sill.
It was to be nothing more than that.
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself.
It was too cold and dangerous to stay there long.
It was too late to worry about that.
It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows.
It was, indeed, all here -- almost a century.
It wasn't his fault that these things were so.
It wasn't like getting cheated at the fair.
It wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line
It wasn't so because it couldn't be so.
It wasn't supposed to happen this way, it shouldn't have happened
It wasn't what Mae would want him to do, though.
It wasn't yet digital, but it was extremely valuable.
It went to his head, and his ambition increased.
It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour.
It will be at the museum until March 30.
It will be brought to me and placed at my feet
It will be covered within the mayor's annual budget.
It will be good luck for you to wear that helmet
It will be his first time attending an overnight camp.
It will be owned by Colorado-based Bald Mountain Development.
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
It will cost you the rest of your life.
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes.
It will feel like 30s though with the surging wind.
It will help you understand the subject matter better
It will legitimize everything I've tried to do for you.
It will probably send people my way, he said.
It will rip and shred easily for Madame.
It will take us ages to trim those trees
It will take us forever to build this doll house
It won't be easy to get rid of your prophet now, Don Sanchez
It won't be the strangest invasion from outer space.
It would be a bad place to die.
It would be better to forgive if one could really forgive
It would be ideal if you could park my car in basement four
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them.
It would have been a game changer for Sacramento.
It would have been easier if you'd gone
It would have been so easy to let him in as you went out
It would have been worth turning out for them alone.
It would have killed you in the cabin.
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.
It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot.
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you.
It'll be a lot better if you come clean.
It'll be fine, we'll be out of here in a jiff
It's Thursday today, and it's almost five, come on!
It's a beautiful spot and it's a heritage area.
It's a big religious thing with her and she won't even discuss it
It's a bit chilly, can we turn down the AC?
It's a bit chilly, what's the temperature like?
It's a bit more like how can we help you
It's a bit too warm in here
It's a call back service, a girl will call you back
It's a clip from a documentary called Orgasmic Birth.
It's a direct line to both my office and my apartment
It's a feeling that can't be truly imagined, only experienced.
It's a form of guerrilla street-fighting developed by the Israeli army
It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff
It's a good thing your father passed away before he saw insanity ravage the family
It's a good thing, Rocky, take some time off to write
It's a great icebreaker, and we need to talk.
It's a great look, but you're looking at the wrong girl
It's a great way to start the morning, but he just had a huge date
It's a hospital's job to care for mental health too.
It's a lesson the Yukon fire service knows too well.
It's a long shot, but Billy used to tend bar here a few years back
It's a mistake you don't have to make
It's a painting I'm restoring for the new exhibition
It's a piece of the treasure of Island of Meauta
It's a plea for the butterflies, beetles and birds.
It's a really great school for what I'm doing.
It's a sin against God for me to refuse your kindness
It's a small percentage of our total stock, he said.
It's a square deal all around, and you can't hope for better
It's a time for giving of yourself, for thinking of your fellow man
It's a very extreme assumption to say that, he said.
It's a very hard decision at the moment, he said.
It's a very strange ontological position to occupy.
It's a very successful marriage that happened to only last three years
It's a weak man who tests his power to weaks
It's a wonderful program for them, said Beech.
It's a wonderful thing to have so many friends
It's about what the Canadian way of life is.
It's all right as long as it sticks together.
It's all right, I don't think Tex does, either
It's always been a challenge since I started cooking.
It's always been that way-oil, both blessing and curse.
It's always better to take precautions but I'm sure Church will be all right
It's an emergency, make a call now
It's an honor to nominate these Wyoming students.
It's as if everyone just up and vanished.
It's as if they want to lessen the shock.
It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for
It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you
It's been a hectic day, I'd like to relax at the hotel sauna
It's been a real eye-opener for me, he shared.
It's been great, everyone is so supportive, Diana said.
It's been preserved exactly as it was a hundred years ago as a museum
It's best to leave him alone when he's like this
It's brains that give one bank or another the advantage.
It's certainly the best chance they've had to kill you
It's chaotic, turbulent, and there's an unknown outcome.
It's cheap, and people know to mind their own business
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table.
It's chilly in here. I think the room heating needs to be on
It's cold outside, set the temperature higher in this room
It's crazy the lion shouldn't be that hungry this soon
It's crazy, I don't know where you came from but
It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products
It's easier to say this than to do it.
It's easy to forget these men are mere mortals.
It's enough to know that we are one with God.
It's essential for his recovery
It's essential that I am able to trust you to function independently in the world
It's even worse that you can stand here and lie to me
It's extremely difficult to win a section title.
It's freezing in here, I want to turn up the heating
It's full of swords and video games and kind of smells like dude
It's funny I never thought to tell her you were a girl, isn't it?
It's getting so a guy can't step out without being called a magnolia
It's glitter or die in the Desert City.
It's going to be a magnificent day she murmured pretending to stretch and yawn again
It's going to be almost dark before we get back
It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis
It's going to be your call in the end.
It's great and everything, but what am I going to do with all this?
It's great plain, or with a dollop of sour cream.
It's happened to us a few times this year.
It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it?
It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is
It's hardly a stepping stone to higher office!
It's having varying effects from state to state, he said.
It's hopeless, I don't even know what we're looking for
It's horrible, but it'll be your best friend after a few days
It's hot, lower air conditioning by one degree
It's how we define our own unique features.
It's how you get over them that matters.
It's injected into the bone marrow cells, it causes the host's DNA to mutate
It's just a few acres, get over it!
It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down
It's just a prick of the finger and a few drops of blood
It's just a technical date for seeding insurance.
It's just an excuse for us to spend time with you
It's just as beautiful as any other place I've seen
It's just breaking and entering, unless we take it someplace
It's just gonna be silence and then people chewing
It's just he and I have been together for nine years
It's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt
It's just not as good as the first one.
It's just that I should get going in a few minutes
It's just to pick up some extra money.
It's just you need to give me the money
It's just, things are a bit hot for me right now
It's just, you know, with life and jobs and kids
It's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignored like that
It's kind of still happening and she's over here right now
It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn.
It's like Huey said, you're more important than any of us
It's like I'm trying to preserve something that's already gone
It's like the cat, the mouse and the bell.
It's makes things super difficult for us, but it's great
It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth
It's more encouraging for northern and north-west Queensland, he said.
It's more than anything we can do on our own.
It's my job to risk my life, but not yours
It's never too early to start practicing healthy habits.
It's nice to do favors for people you do business with
It's normal, it's even normal for me to get a little touchy about it
It's not a great impost on the employers, he said.
It's not all right, it's the worst thing I've ever said to anyone
It's not as though this stuff comes out of nowhere.
It's not bright enough, turn on the lights near the bed
It's not easy, and on some level, it has to just be easy
It's not fair for me to bail out almost.
It's not for a beginner restaurant owner, Finley said.
It's not going to happen without government intervention.
It's not gonna come from everyone pointing the finger.
It's not her fault, it's not her fault, the guy must have called them
It's not just the mayor's race on the ballot tomorrow.
It's not life-threatening, but we should exercise the rest of it
It's not like a marriage proposal or anything, just a thought
It's not like it makes all your problems go away
It's not really a sport for a girl
It's not really the best time to talk
It's not something that I set out to do.
It's not something we're not used to in the industry.
It's not that I haven't thought about this
It's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room
It's not very effective in direct sunlight, but it's a start
It's okay to close the home screen now
It's okay to close the screen with room information since I don't need it anymore
It's okay to close the screen with the list of hotel facilities, I'm well informed
It's one reason I suspect Mr. Woods will win.
It's only going to make for a better community.
It's our job to show them the diversity, she said.
It's particularly tough in the eastern part of our state.
It's perfect for people who are just starting out.
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
It's pretty obvious you don't want me around any more
It's probably something your husband was given as a bad joke
It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country
It's quite dark in here, I want to open up the room darkening curtains
It's quite in vogue in high end construction right now
It's raining outside and I don't have an umbrella I can use
It's really quite something to see you all grown up like this
It's rolled up in the tube on the floor back there
It's silly, childish, running after them like that.
It's simple enough from my point of view.
It's simple, easy and keeps users coming back for more.
It's simply an old-fashioned rolling toy, no bells or whistles.
It's so cold in here, please turn the heater on
It's so much trouble, I don't usually bother.
It's some sort of mutant combination of the two
It's something we expected to happen, he said.
It's still difficult for all families to afford the fees.
It's still hot, please check the status of the AC
It's terrifying, overwhelming, and incredibly efficient all at once.
It's the driest start in history, he said.
It's the fault of the President of the United States.
It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days
It's the key that's kept me locked to you all these years
It's the latest surgical technology in Lake Charles.
It's the most dangerous and awesome sport in the world
It's the one thing I have to look forward to
It's the only way I'll be able to find a cure for myself
It's the right thing to do, Brown said.
It's the rough parts that make you thankful you have people to share it with
It's the same thing in terms of culture.
It's the same with Ron Hansen and Jim Gentile.
It's the wanting that holds body and soul together, and sometimes, the wanting lives on
It's time for me to checkout
It's too bad I'll never get to see it
It's too bright in here, I want to turn off all the lights
It's too dark in here, I want to brighten up the room
It's too dry, my skin is starting to crack
It's too humid, is there a dehumidifier available?
It's too late to order, turn off the menu
It's too risky, one, and two, everything's going on the internet
It's two years of my life I'm never getting back
It's unfair to the shareholders and embarrassing for our region.
It's very important you don't let this raise your expectations
It's very wonderful to hear a man say such a nice compliment
It's warm enough, turn off the heater
It's wasted time trying to logically figure out the female brain
It's winning market share and creating brands that are recognized!
It's, it's in reference to that gentleman and my wife
Its aim is to undermine further Cuba's economy.
Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
Its cafes had been full of great artists and writers.
Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors.
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court.
Its next boss was Henry Ford's grandson, Henry Ford II.
Its parent company, AWB, is also reviewing costs.
Its spokesperson did not return phone calls seeking further comment.
Its success is a tribute, above all, to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist.
Jack gave himself up for the sake of his loyal crew
Jack scanned the skies, the boards, and the skies again.
Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago
Jack you up and string you out like a two dollar whore
Jack, I got to get back, get back to town
Jack, it's a fool's errand: You've heard the tales they tell about the Pearl
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord.
Jan and I both turned 71 this year.
Jane opened her book and made a note of them.
Jane raised her eyebrows. 'Why would I mind?'
Jane sighed. 'It's not easy being your secretary, is it?'
January's snowfall was slightly above the long-term average.
Jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold.
Jenkins said running with professional athletes excites her.
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me, murmuring endearments.
Jennifer Kline, Central Florida Future Like this topic?
Jennifer Lopez does all of these jobs very well.
Jennifer and Marc marry and they are very happy.
Jennifer is happy but she can't take a vacation.
Jennifer is in the back of the car.
Jennifer is not the star of that movie.
Jennifer lives in her dance school for a short time.
Jennifer sings for it with her friend Marc Anthony.
Jennifer stars in two thrillers, Angel Eyes and Enough.
Jennifer works on the movie in front of Selena's family.
Jennifer's friends and family are very happy for them.
Jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong?
Jerry was man that was always ready to help someone.
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose.
Jesus Christ, I'm getting a boner just looking at it
Jesus saith unto him, until seventy times seven.
Jesus' inert body would be passive, his eyes closed.
Jewish rabbis would have no difficulty with this.
Jim had put the thanks in his sister's mouth.
Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her.
Job applications can be filed on the company's website.
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent.
Jockey Dean Butler found an opening on the final turn.
Jody was the bomb and she's a beloved artist.
Joe Burns, fielding at short leg, certainly felt that way.
Joe Snell and Toby Halls at the teen awards.
Joel Walters is a licensed Barrow Co builder.
John Hood held the seat for six terms.
John found it difficult, but he held him in check.
John was driving home when the accident happened
John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy.
John's reply was like a declaration of war.
John, do you think I was too soft on TV?
John, if you don't throw me the keys, then I'll just walk away
Johnny Ray, at the same L. R., has something to cry about.
Johnston is currently working as a business consultant.
Join us for an evening of musical entertainment.
Jordan Smith is the Season 9 winner of 'The Voice.'
Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips.
Jurors must be declared eligible, impartial, representative, and competent.
Just a few days ago, two new volcanoes erupted.
Just a little joke to lighten up the mood
Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven.
Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him.
Just because I'm married, there's no reason for that
Just burning them up, no proper funeral, it's like condemning them to hell
Just buy the Tribune tonight and read all about it
Just don't let the Seward Park folk get too involved.
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours.
Just expect to be offended and laugh a lot.
Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut
Just give him time, give him a chance.
Just give me a chip of ice to put in my mouth
Just how does one come off as measured and calm?
Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
Just keep your ear to the phone and don't make a sound
Just like you can't turn off the way you feel
Just listen to this, Does her miss her Baby?
Just long enough to make you feel important.
Just look at this mess I got to deal with
Just look for the really crowded road and follow that
Just musing about our 'one eyed adversary' and the legend of Homer
Just one fewer day, I get to help people
Just one month later, the New York Stock Exchange crashed.
Just one more thing, did she ever talk about getting rich?
Just one thing after he made such a big deal out of it
Just one thing we got to do first
Just promise me, no matter what, we will always be there for the big moments
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment.
Just say it and you got it but PLEASE don't get off me now
Just sitting here listening to her voice does it to me all over again
Just so the record is kept straight though, I love Mike
Just so you know, I don't think you're that clever
Just take it, take the money in my pockets
Just talk to me later about it, ok?
Just tell me your five main interests, in order of importance
Just throw the bag, as is, in the freezer.
Just trying to set the mood for the mission, get the feeling
Just wait till she saw the Mare's foal.
Just wanted to say good luck with the interview
Just what army do you think the Colonel was in?
Just win I reckon - about 10 points, said another.
Just-in-time delivery can be a reality for any industry.
Justice David Gideon threw the book at her.
Justice Young added another four to this category.
Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously.
Kate asked, uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma.
Kate greeted him gravely, uneasy with misgivings at his visit.
Katie scrambled to her feet, Stevie agilely retaining his seat.
Katie, you are about to be a part of history
Keep a weather eye open for passing ships, and our chances are fair
Keep gripes with an old boss or co-worker private.
Keep my mouth shut and let you do the talking
Keep that up and I'll find you in contempt
Keep the chatter to a minimum, short answers, one word, if possible.
Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle.
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed.
Keep the room temperature at 23 degrees even when we are out
Keeping that up to date will be tough!
Keeping those hands forwards and the stance open.
Kelly appreciated having a teammate with him at the podium.
Kennedy drove in two runs, and Baker had an RBI.
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
Kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests.
Kind of a bleak point of view there, isn't it Marty?
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white.
Knee injuries in professional football players are common.
Know hotel reservation check-out time
Knowledge management is a fancy term for a simple idea.
Knowledge sharing can help brand planning across countries.
Knowledge workers are the brains of the company.
Kristina and I could have a good life for five hundred grand
Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white.
Lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 45th annual Local Area Media Awards
Lady, you don't have to keep up a running commentary
Lake Washington came in ninth, with 34 points.
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries.
Language was invented so that people could lie to each other and to themselves
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks.
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations.
Large room with double glazed window to the front.
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted.
Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
Last New Year's, we went our separate ways, and it sucked
Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag.
Last but not least is the quarterback room.
Last time you did that, it didn't end well for you
Last time, I was here a grand total of three days
Last week I had a bad day at the office.
Last week, many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran.
Last year we had a great senior group.
Lastly, Ottawa may choose not to appoint an interim commissioner.
Late in the afternoon, I was up on Seven again.
Later on, the children told her further about somersaulting.
Later that morning, with police closing in, Duffy committed suicide.
Later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns.
Later this play would be called Welcome To Our City.
Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall.
Later, he moved back to Conrad to the Horizon Lodge.
Launch a 30 minute timer
Launch all hotel facilities information
Launch facility information
Launch hotel facility information
Launch hotel facility information, now
Launch hotel information
Launch hotel introduction
Launch in-room dining options
Launch now sauna information
Launch room dining
Launch room information
Launch room service
Launch room status
Launch sauna information
Launch status of the room
Launch swimming pool information
Launch swimming pool information, now
Launch the concierge
Launch the concierge app
Launch the timer
Launch the timer and time 30 minutes
Laura has not been feeling well lately
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance, a company spokesman said.
Lawyer says he can plead it down to five years
Lawyers for the two sides weren't immediately available for comment.
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
Lay the oiled chicken on a baking sheet.
Leach pitched seven innings and gave up two runs.
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome.
Leadership was experienced and skillful, and financial resources were significant.
Leaning forward in her chair, Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face.
Learn more about the Department of Sociology & Anthropology.
Least that way we could hang out more like we used to
Leave amenities list
Leave amenities screen
Leave help page
Leave it in the front of your house for me
Leave room for souvenirs that you never imagined buying.
Leave the alarm display
Leave the alarm menu
Leave the alarm screen
Leave the concierge app
Leave timer app
Leave timer screen
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains.
Legalizing the AR seems like a safe option.
Legs, arms and heads flew all over the church.
Less bull the more you can do with em.
Lesson three, don't even think about getting married till you're 30
Lester heard their muttering, saw their eyes reveal their desire.
Let all projects dry slowly for several days.
Let me call the school, tell them not to let her go
Let me do a quick physical check up
Let me finish this so we can get out of here
Let me help him, for the love of God!
Let me just tidy up a few things
Let me know about sheer curtains
Let me know about the status of the curtains
Let me know abouth the status of the curtains
Let me know if I set up a wakeup call
Let me know the status of the room darkening curtain
Let me know the status of the sheer curtains
Let me see how easy you can turn it on
Let me see if I understand this right.
Let me set up another meeting and I'll be back
Let me sponsor your first wager in the arena
Let me take this project from now on
Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby. Wrong is wrong
Let me tell you what happened to me today.
Let parking know that I have a separate valet key they can use
Let the front desk know that I need amenities
Let the front desk know that I need more linens
Let the front desk know that I need speakers
Let the hotel staff know I want seven more pillows
Let the hotel staff know I want two more pillows
Let the hotel staff know that I need room cleaning
Let the noodles air-dry and firm up in a colander.
Let the poor bastards wallow in their own personal failures.
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain.
Let us differentiate a few of these ideas.
Let us know what you think about this.
Let us look at another aspect of this English dominance.
Let us now give some thought to the soul.
Let your knowledge and expertise be your gift.
Let your pupils learn on someone else, Doctor.
Let's arrange a wakeup call for 9 AM tomorrow
Let's celebrate with a long hike in the woods tomorrow!
Let's get back to work, and maybe we will be, soon
Let's get out of here, this place makes me sick
Let's get to the top and talk to Jack first
Let's go get in your car right now and just take off
Let's go look at the sand pit behind your house
Let's hit the road, sooner we get a move on sooner we'll find her
Let's hope we come to a safer place.
Let's just do what we gotta do here, and get the fuck gone
Let's just leave it at: it was one hell of a surprise
Let's just say that you've given me the satisfaction to have guessed correctly
Let's make changes to my wakeup call
Let's not make a big deal out of this, okay?
Let's say that's the truck he drove yesterday
Let's see a list of the hotel amenities
Let's see the hotel amenities
Let's set up a morning alarm
Let's set up a wakeup call
Let's trade death by Freddy for life in a rubber room
Let's wait and see how you survive your first crisis
Let???see who is good at trimming trees
Let?셲 see who is good at trimming trees
Life is so much more delightful when lived in a silk suit
Life, Love & Desire has two special song collaborators.
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground.
Light, especially daylight, is always bad for wine.
Lighter showers will sprinkle the region in the coming days.
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner!
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
Like Eisenhower, he holds the militarist's suspicion of politicians.
Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?
Like Napoleon, he was the worst of losers.
Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol.
Like as if it were built of books.
Like everybody, I always buy groceries for the whole week
Like most of us, I have taken some hard knocks.
Like playing an entire season with a separated shoulder.
Like right now, there's actually like hordes of dead people shambling around us?
Like yourselves, we have pride and love for our country.
Like, I put Ray J in it, bro.
Like, you Inspector Brimmer are not going to be sitting in your car anymore
Likely Democratic Agriculture chairman, Collin Peterson, blames US WTO concessions.
Lila's not going to leave me because of my eyesight
Lillian's been trying to nail me to a cross since the day I met her
Lily, I told you not to call him that
Lily, now that you're going to be a Mrs
Lily, you have to get out of there this instant
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance.
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected.
Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable.
Lines came out neatly and in good balance.
Lisa Ace will be taking care of business.
List all hotel amenities please
List of all the amenities
List of life-Iong dreams, you're now half as long
List up all amenities in the hotel
Listen Grayson, I've got 106 bucks and 75 cents in the bank
Listen Stew baby, let's not talk about things like that now
Listen for air moving in and out of airway.
Listen, Goddamn it if you think I'm happy about it, you're nuts
Listen, I have to shoot Cedar Bridge until a little after sunset
Listen, I know it's late, but do you want to come over?
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom
Listen, I'm not going to go to that little reunion party
Listen, maybe you and Floyd can come for dinner on Saturday
Listen, the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her
Listeners also can modify their behavior to improve communication.
Listening is an art, a virtue, and a lifestyle.
Listening to customers is a big part of that effort.
Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery.
Little can be done about the changing of dates.
Little is not disappearing from the clothing world.
Little things are gonna be changing around that apartment
Live exports remain steady at around 4.5 million.
Live from Atalanta, good evening Lynne Russell, CNN headline news.
Load the service information page
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms.
Local cash donations also catch the eyes of national candidates.
Local log home manufacturing company seeking a skilled millwright.
Local musicians, rappers, poets and comedians are invited to join.
Local races had rarely, if ever, involved party politics.
Location theorists have given these matters much consideration.
Log out of sauna information
Log out screen on sauna information
London was the height of fashion in clothes and music.
Long term loans have been reduced by $400,000 to $2.5 million
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward.
Look Joyce, I need your key to the files, not advice, okay?
Look at all these little things so busy all of a sudden
Look at room status
Look at the artistry of these carvings and the scrollwork
Look at this, all of a sudden everybody is joining the party
Look at you, five hundred dollar suit and you're still a lowlife
Look for Seoul travel on YouTube
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes.
Look for all hotel amenities
Look for check-in time for the hotel
Look for check-out time for the hotel
Look for front desk number
Look for front number
Look for me, I'll be the guy in the awesome suit
Look on YouTube for activities in Korea videos
Look up Korean culture clips on YouTube
Look up check-in details
Look up check-in information
Look up check-in information, now
Look up check-in time
Look up check-in time for the hotel
Look up check-out details
Look up check-out information
Look up check-out time
Look up check-out time for the hotel
Look up details on check-in
Look up details on check-out
Look up facility information
Look up front desk number
Look up front number
Look up gym hours
Look up hotel amenities
Look up hotel check-in time
Look up hotel check-out time
Look up hotel reservation check-in time
Look up hotel reservation check-out time
Look up in-room dining options
Look up information about the gym
Look up information about the hotel gym, now
Look up information about the hotel swimming pool, now
Look up information about the sauna
Look up information about the swimming pool
Look up information for hotel check-in
Look up information on check-in
Look up information on check-out
Look up more information about the hotel gym
Look up more information about the hotel sauna
Look up more information about the hotel swimming pool
Look up now check-out information
Look up now information about the hotel sauna
Look up now the wifi password for the room
Look up options for room dining
Look up options for room service
Look up restaurants in Seoul on YouTube
Look up room dining
Look up room service
Look up sauna hours
Look up sauna information
Look up swimming pool hours
Look up swimming pool information
Look up the wifi password for the room
Look up the wifi password, now
Look up time for hotel check-in
Look up time for hotel check-out
Look up what options are available for in-room dining
Look up what options are available for room dining
Look up what options are available for room service
Look up what time check-in is
Look up what time check-out is
Look up what time the hotel check-in is
Look up what time the hotel check-out is
Look up wifi
Look up wifi password
Look up wifi password, now
Look what those little European jobs are doing.
Look, Eddie, I'm telling you I didn't touch her
Look, Frank, she stands to inherit three million dollars
Look, I can't sign off on a band I've never even seen
Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!
Look, I don't wanna be exactly like my family
Look, I haven't really focused on that kind of thing
Look, I just turned off my brain for the night
Look, I know it sounds insincere when people say that but we could
Look, I know that sounds cheesy, but it's just true
Look, I'm not even sure she has anything to do with this
Look, I'm so sorry that I questioned your motives
Look, Jack, if you make everything your personal responsibility, you'll turn into a bad cop
Look, Natalie, I was just a stupid kid back then, terrified of commitment
Look, after Jordy briefs me, you can do the press conference
Look, even if anyone found anything there, it's twenty years ago
Look, he's got nothing to do with this. let him go
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy
Look, if you're a hooker, I don't have a lot of money
Look, in spite of whatever happened between us, we are still friends
Look, it would not be smart if we got together
Look, it's the one chance you've had all day to help someone in need
Look, let's embrace immigration for what it is.
Look, when I was 17, I used to sneak into clubs all the time
Look, why don't you and Lila stay here and have your natural life
Lookin' doubtful there, Big Guy, but ten out of ten for attitude
Looking for a good dry cleaner or computer repair shop?
Looks like Pat is waiting on the poll numbers.
Looks like the best parts have already been spoken for
Loose, breathable bags are best for fridge storage.
Lord knows I had everything set for you.
Lord knows I was never much welcome in this house before
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel.
Lot of people waiting to see you, though.
Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served.
Lots of people with their cameras out taking photos.
Louis did for me what I did for you last night
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes.
Low interest rates make now a good time to invest.
Lower air conditioner by one degree
Lower air conditioning temperature by one degree
Lower air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower heating temperature by one degree
Lower heating to 22 degrees Celsius
Lower room heating by one degree
Lower room temperature by one degree
Lower room temperature to 18 degrees Celsius
Lower the air conditioner
Lower the heating
Lower the heating temperature
Lower the room temp by one degree
Lower the room temperature
Luciano Benetton was on an airplane, reading a letter.
Luciano attended the Italian government offices once a week.
Luciano bought an alarm system and put in electronic gates.
Luciano claimed that he was surprised by the negative reaction.
Luciano described the catalog as a witness to peace.
Luciano had also met the woman he would marry.
Luciano himself arrived shortly afterward in a green taxi.
Luciano pulled a chair up to the shallow water.
Luciano saw them for the first time in Milan.
Luciano wanted to take his business ideas to the world.
Luciano was also making plans for the family business.
Luckily, there was still one person I could call to get a ride home
Lucy McCauley is a writer and editor living in Dallas.
Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it.
Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible.
Lucy was a lively part of the household.
Lunch will be followed by a research help session.
Luther isn't the kind of guy that looks for company
Lynette told me it really tore her up when you didn't call this week
MLB issued the following statement about the meeting.
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places.
Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes.
MacLellan said the donations went directly to the soccer club.
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance.
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund.
Made him give them the pin numbers of our accounts
Madonna knew that she could be this kind of star.
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen.
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that.
Maggie is an aggressive player on our field, Johnson said.
Maguire and me got out by the skin of our teeth
Main purpose of the meeting : To discuss President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress.
Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe.
Maintain, repair or replace - the choice is yours.
Majestic Pick comes next, with a mile
Major European auction houses are turning increasingly to specialized sales.
Major-General Jeffrey hopes the trip will inspire others.
Make a quick emergency call
Make a request for a comb
Make a request for a new set of face towels
Make a request for a paper cup with a lid
Make a request for additional laundry bags
Make a request for bath amenities
Make a request for box tape
Make a request for bus tickets
Make a request for concierge services
Make a request for eight comforters
Make a request for envelopes
Make a request for individual boxes for packing
Make a request for pull-out beds
Make a request for room cleaning services
Make a request for sanitary bags
Make a request for scissors
Make a request for some boxes
Make a request for some tape and scissors
Make a request for sticky notes
Make a request for two comforters
Make a request to change the bath mats
Make a request to have a scale sent to the room
Make air conditioner decrease by one degree
Make air conditioner go down by one degree
Make air conditioner go up by one degree
Make air conditioner increase by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature decrease by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go down by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature go up by one degree
Make air conditioning temperature increase by one degree
Make all curtains open
Make all the curtains in this place to open
Make an alarm for Tuesday 11 AM
Make an emergency call
Make changes to my wakeup call
Make heating of the room turn off
Make heating of the room turn on
Make room heating decrease by one degree
Make room heating go down by one degree
Make room heating go up by one degree
Make room heating increase by one degree
Make room temperature decrease by one degree
Make room temperature go down by one degree
Make room temperature go up by one degree
Make room temperature increase by one degree
Make sure that all information inside government is digital.
Make sure that the room doesn't exceed 63 degrees Fahrenheit
Make that shot just the way I made it before
Make the AC on fan mode for more ventilation
Make the air conditioner on
Make the curtains closed now
Make the display switch off for the time being
Make the heater blow more air
Make the heating higher
Make the heating lower
Make the heating temperature higher
Make the heating temperature lower
Make the man put them in if he has to.
Make the menu go away
Make the room have air conditioner
Make the room have heating
Make the room status screen off
Make the room temperature higher
Make the room temperature lower
Make the selection for the eleventh one
Make the temperature drop lower by 3 degrees
Make this room 10 degrees  higher
Make this room colder by decreasing the temperature around 10 degrees
Make this room have heating
Make this room slightly colder
Making a first class Grade A monkey out of me
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals.
Man, through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom, was master of his destiny.
Managers at General Motors had a good life.
Managers who followed Taylor's ideas were famous for their watches.
Managing cloud storage is another cause for headache.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience.
Many Indonesian pro-democracy groups supported Timor's struggle for self determination.
Many apparel companies have met a similar fate.
Many are busy grading baby saltwater crocodiles, according to size.
Many assume that Anderson, a drummer, entered a band fraternity.
Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives.
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement.
Many families can afford to pay a small amount.
Many free schools are struggling to find appropriate sites.
Many local celebrities and politicians will be in attendance.
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine.
Many noticed his light blond hair and piercing blue eyes.
Many of Chevrolet's employees were afraid of him.
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
Many of our very best friends are reformers.
Many of our young people think it would.
Many of the employees had a long history with TDS.
Many of the historical recounting have archival photos.
Many of the new appointees are art collectors.
Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports.
Many of them suffered from skin rashes like scabies.
Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action.
Many people blamed US business for this situation.
Many people thought she was making a big mistake.
Many rate increases already have been put into effect.
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
Many stores offer cheap options that look expensive.
Many students of literature know that classical defense.
Many types of servers exist for a variety of needs.
Many users thought of choosing 2 possible combinations.
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable.
Many years later I went to see S.K.
Marcella is no stranger to lies and deception though.
Margie's travels continued on for a few years.
Maria falls in love with Steve Edison, a doctor.
Marijuana is illegal in my country, and I believe in yours, as well
Marina yawned and turned the page of her book.
Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson's in New York.
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together.
Mark said her soul's trapped with it, that's why she can't come to me
Marketed by Rooftop Estates & Lettings Beautiful apartment.
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective.
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge.
Marrying him had been all I wanted for a long time
Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs.
Martin also was third in the triple jump.
Martin was standing a few feet from the front door.
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck.
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs.
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
Mary Jane got up, quietly, and walked away.
Mary is just a paralegal who lives in my building
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
Mary would have to carry the human communication.
Master bedroom, two further bedrooms, family bathroom and separate toilet.
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700.
Matters Divine do not require super-education to understand.
Maurice, even if it was true, what are you worried about?
May 5 proved to be a day for burglaries.
May I add a caution on this particular point?
May I ask what the rest of that sentence was going to be?
May I be the first to welcome you to the class
May I have more bath amenities
May I request a male or female spa therapist for my package?
May I use only credit card to check-in?
May lead to an argument, but we're settling this
May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face
May we love, honor and respect one another as such.
Maybe Freddy can't get to new kids without someone like me
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think
Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back
Maybe I'll see you later, when I pick up my car?
Maybe Luther hopes Ganz'll give him a piece of your money
Maybe if the Tablet were intact, you'd have something to go on
Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore
Maybe in the author's life, she experienced something different.
Maybe it wasn't you, but you know what I'm talking about
Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael
Maybe it'd be better if we just leave each other alone
Maybe it's a ritual thing or someone trying to send a message
Maybe it's not such a bad idea to think about this one
Maybe it's the massive blood loss taIking, but I'm starving
Maybe it's time to get back in the saddle.
Maybe next year we'll break them out, too.
Maybe not a Panther, but it's someone from the neighborhood
Maybe not in name, but at least in spirit.
Maybe now you understand why I can't get a date
Maybe she really does have a brain injury
Maybe she was just using you to try and get back at some guy
Maybe she's afraid she'll be struck by lightning.
Maybe some part of me thought that you still loved me
Maybe that's another reason that makes living here so great.
Maybe the effects of this campaign were growing less powerful.
Maybe there will be even more lunacy than usual.
Maybe these ladies would like to go a few laps with us
Maybe they'll stop it now, once for all.
Maybe they're slowly poisoning us or they're planning to brainwash us
Maybe we are talking about them too much.
Maybe we could get together some time and talk about it
Maybe we will produce a National Championship of sorts.
Maybe whatever they are, they just haven't appeared yet on her?
Maybe when they call I'll just tell Ellie I haven't seen the damn cat around
Maybe you better start thinking about writing tickets off a three wheel bike
Maybe you could just put in a shot of Martell?
Maybe you do not believe she taught me
Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about
Maybe you ought to go to a clinic, get some treatments
Mayor needs to concentrate on establishing after school-programs.
McCain started out sloppily but has hit his stride early.
McFeeley greeted the parents, then studied his notebook.
McGill, a Valparaiso, Ind., ball-bearing manufacturer, had rebuffed BroadBeach's proposal.
Me and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale
Means held steady one jump ahead of her.
Meanwhile, fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers.
Meanwhile, he's got a hands-on chef in Harris.
Meanwhile, the city itself should be talked to.
Meanwhile, the nation is experiencing the repercussions of recession.
Meanwhile, three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing.
Measure M does not lower the threshold or address it.
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures.
Meet me in the bar and do it right away
Meet six local rising stars of the surf.
Meetings are open to all who are interested.
Meetings shouldn't be used mainly to present information.
Members and interested volunteers are encouraged to attend the meeting.
Members will decorate historical buildings for the holiday season.
Membership consists of both beginners and experienced players.
Membership is open to any woman student in the College.
Memorials may be made to any no-kill animal shelter.
Memories incorporated delicately, embroidered handkerchiefs from a by-gone era.
Memphis International Airport is now the largest airfreight terminal globally.
Men don't know which end is up till a woman points
Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries
Men, she reflected, even men like Stanley, are unpredictable.
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm.
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming.
Merck's profit climbed 25%, Warner-Lambert's 22% and Eli Lilly's 24%.
Michael Matthews from Young says the rain does bring hope.
Michael, you shouldn't be happy when someone else isn't feeling well
Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated, then came along.
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
Microscopically, there was emphysema, fibrosis, and vascular congestion.
Midwest Financial has $2.3 billion in assets and eight banks.
Might as well take the rest of the day off
Might get drummed out of the pornographer's union, and then where would I be?
Might the film have been released on too many screens?
Mike Gallagher wants to reduce benefits to the poverty line.
Mike and Donna have three children and twelve grandchildren.
Mike crawled to the door and peered in.
Mike placed both his hands on his hips.
Mike sat quietly watching the manager come nearer.
Mike stripped these from him and donned them.
Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash.
Mike was slow getting into the box this time.
Mike went over to Phil and stood over him.
Miller County Middle School is honored that he's in ours.
Miller explained that the money would go towards adding classes.
Miller had two kills, six aces and two assists.
Millions and millions of people have bought his books.
Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets.
Mine was to interrupt you less, so that's good
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets.
Mink frog - Average size is 1.5 inch.
Miss Braslow, I'd like to remind you that you are still under oath
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
Miss Grey Result: improvement. Has gained a pay rise.
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar.
Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions
Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world even Mom said so
Mistakes were made, but lessons had to be learned.
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people.
Moby was a popular recording artist when I was young
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition.
Modify time for the wake up call
Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain.
Mom does not like to get the whole fish
Mom had asked me to go grocery shopping before she left for work this morning
Mom probably wants carrots, potatoes, cabbages and some lettuce
Monarchists hope to defeat the republic at the referendum.
Monday will be the council's first vote on each.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four.
Monmouth's final two games are at Coastal Carolina and Gardner-Webb.
Moore, L. Brown, and Anderson had one RBI each.
Mopping up operations are underway in certain areas.
More "reform" is the last thing we need.
More I cannot say, lest I choke up.
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder.
More and more you'll see perverse hardcore coming into the mainstream, because that's evolution
More attendants, nurses and doctors should be hired.
More bouncing, another stop, a new house for teachers, a new well.
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen.
More information on room darkening curtains
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable.
More people might be harder to sneak in
More predictions to come in the near future.
More than 200 of its 230 teachers signed up.
More than 330,000 sheep were shipped out last month alone.
More than 48 million visitors come to Orlando each year.
More water, please
Moreover, even getting this across would be difficult.
Moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt.
Moreover, she had physical as well as mental vigor.
Moreover, the entire state Democratic hierarchy, from Gov.
Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.
Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait.
Morgan jerked his head toward the front door.
Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
Morgues unable to cope with the rising number of corpses.
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed.
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful.
Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries.
Most Romans, even some postmen, know it by the old name.
Most companies have good people working for them.
Most companies want to treat their customers well.
Most conservatives share his willful ignorance, and his hypocrisy.
Most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring.
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents.
Most of Europe, the Middle East and Asia are battle ready
Most of the original staff knows about the twelfth floor
Most of the time I get what I ask for.
Most of the works were not for sale.
Most of them this past year, I'd say.
Most of us brush our teeth by hand.
Most people would answer 'no' to both questions.
Most people, in the same situation, wouldn't come back.
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level.
Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out
Mother Nature pretty much put her out of business.
Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping
Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information.
Mr Chance says farmers have to prepare for major damage.
Mr Clancy jumped to his feet. 'I protest!'
Mr Davis will start his role in mid-September.
Mr Dobbin says the drought is causing great stress.
Mr Gale Result: bad. Loss of dental practice.
Mr O'Connor says he is determined to stay on.
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
Mr. Cardenas, I suggest you move on to another line of questioning
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School.
Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold.
Mr. Gardner, I don't think this is the place to discuss this matter
Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail for our team
Mr. H. is dead today because he followed this advice.
Mr. Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace.
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court.
Mr. Kerry has met with skepticism from Palestinians as well.
Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death
Mr. President, the press guys asked if you could come back for a minute
Mr. Robinson could not be reached for comment.
Mr. Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one.
Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial
Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive.
Mr. Schuyler is a bit put out by all the rumors going around
Mr. Smith, I've read some of your plays and I'd like an autograph
Mr. Stein was fined $25,000 and suspended for three years.
Mr. Sullivan is facing a possible 15-years to life sentence.
Mr. Watson, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions.
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
Mrs Davies leaves a son, a daughter and four grandchildren.
Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years.
Mrs. Clark, as house manager, planned the menus and cared for the ordering.
Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this.
Mrs. Meeker hadn't got around to taking care of that.
Mrs. Pastern asked sadly, when he came in.
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations.
Mrs. Stevens was a native of Barrow County.
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman.
Much happened in this field during the past 12 months.
Much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements.
Much of the work of government is difficult.
Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor.
Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes.
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force.
Must I check out at the front desk?
Must I tip for room service?
Must be a different Japan from the one I know.
Must be rough on you thinking of me wearing this cast
Must have paid you a lot, for you to risk everything
My Grandma has five cats and she gets lonely
My John applied to six colleges before he got in.
My Uncle Tony worked with you at 2 back when you were a rookie
My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year
My airport shuttle was supposed to be here at 11:30 but it hasn't arrived
My bed needs new sheets
My bedding is dirty
My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling
My brother Harold was about the same age as those kids, John
My brother says things are going really well between you and Nathan
My car gulped 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth.
My children want to go to the teddy bear museum in Seoul
My children would rather I spared their experiences.
My client doesn't have to take this crap from you
My clothes don't fit in my luggage, I need a cardboard box to pack my things in
My comb broke so can I get an extra one please?
My comforter smells bad
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve.
My dad's got this thing about drinking in the house
My daddy had me throwing googlies from the age of five
My dog went to sleep with a concussion and woke up a vegetable
My elders were foolish enough to dismiss them as wives tales
My faith in our bedrock values has never wavered.
My faith is very important to me, he said.
My farm is affected as much anyone else's, he said.
My father is a Rear Admiral in the Seventh Fleet
My father ran him off here six years ago.
My father used to have a saying, God sees the truth, but waits
My father, a wise man, asked him not to.
My feet are cold
My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy
My friend often breakfasted with Vernon on the morning of the regular run.
My friends are gonna love you, like you, you know as a friend
My future plans are to become a language teacher.
My goal at FITNESS is to tone my muscles and maintain heart health
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials.
My hotel vanity is out of Q-tips and cotton pads
My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash
My husband took the kids to the Illinos State Fair
My husband was the only one with the combination to this safe
My internet connection suddenly stopped working and it won't work
My internet is really slow so is there another WiFi channel that I can use?
My laptop needs the wifi password
My letter is really about how to refuse food?
My mama's bag and my granma's bag, and a long line of mamas before her
My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us.
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart
My mother's thirty-nine years old and she still works in that factory
My name is Barry and I spoke to you last time
My name is Lt. Wydell, I'd like to ask you a few questions
My nose is runny, send tissue paper
My nose is still runny, I need some Kleenex
My old lady swallowed a bottle of pills one day while I was at school
My on board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements
My only concern is the welfare and prosperity of Spain
My paper was well-received by the Muslims and Christians there.
My parents left me that house, I was born there
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful, inadequate, unwanted.
My people weren't taking any pictures from those ships
My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later
My preference is the eleventh one
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours.
My response was equally forced, "Why, thank you, sweetheart."
My room does not need heating anymore
My room is out of toilet paper
My room needs a fan
My room needs bath towels
My room needs cleaning service
My room needs forty more cups
My room needs four more cups
My room needs more bath towels
My room needs more toilet paper
My room needs room cleaning services
My room needs to have heating
My room needs to turn off the heating
My room needs to turn on the heating
My room requires 3 ball point pens
My roommates are having a party not far from here
My sister really liked that doll house, and she was not very happy
My skin feels dry, is there a humidifier?
My skin feels irritable
My son didn't deserve to die, she said.
My trip out here, what we've both been doing, you know
My wedding is in two days, that's how it's going
My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away.
My wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind
My wife is the game player in the family
My wife's family is all gone, and someone has to look after her interest
My wife, Madeleine, has several pieces of jewelry that belonged to Carlotta
NFA does not compete with commercial rice traders, Cortes said.
NI talked with Hicks about her distinctive Bahamian island style.
NPR's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco.
Nabisco didn't need a new product development process.
Nadine's constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed.
National television brings the event to many viewers.
Nationalizing it is only the first required step.
Nationally, about 40 million birds are harvested every year.
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
Naturally, he couched the provision in obscure language.
Naturally, he couldn't let his shipmates know this.
Naval procedure, he thought, had its moments of grim humor.
Navigate me out of the screen with the hotel information
Near the doorway or the near the front of the church?
Nearly 6,000 calves were auctioned for around $3 million.
Nearly half the children still receive no education.
Needless to say, any such inference would be quite unwarranted.
Needless to say, there was not much sleeping going on.
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation.
Neither are beds, thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags.
Neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation.
Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment.
Neonatal kittens are included in these rescue group blasts.
Never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically.
Never having to go to a farmer's market
Never known to fail, publication must be promised.
Never let the sun go down on an argument, Jody used to say
Never really had a childhood, caring for her father, going to school
Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that
Nevertheless, the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings.
Nevertheless, we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A.
New York City, United States of America, 1982
New York City, United States of America, 1998
New York City, the United States of America, 1989
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 220 billion shares.
New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones.
New technology will make the TV interface easier.
Newspapers have not been able to keep up.
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay.
Next morning, he found a note in the refrigerator.
Next morning, he left the tent where it was.
Next time I want to break a lease I'll know who to call
Next to those is an inflatable moose head.
Next was Melt Dunes, a psychedelic rock group from Southampton.
Next year's show, the 15th annual event, is March 2-5.
Next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm.
Next, learn and practice basic forward and roll casts.
Next, the hen was nested and all seemed well.
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face.
Nice set of friends you have out there
Nicodemus was a respected man at this time.
Nigeria will boil, and the world would laugh at us.
Nikita Khrushchev, however, has created yet another problem for himself.
Nine months from today, I will be in Medellin sipping champagne
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already.
Ninth one
No Does that mean I can't be a donor?
No I don't want to go to school here tomorrow
No additional information about the winning ticket was released.
No alcohol was sold, so everyone took their own.
No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts.
No bills have been filed by either committee.
No but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used.
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found.
No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps.
No doubt it had to do with the log.
No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic.
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses.
No eating or smoking in here, but there's a coffee machine in the hall
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense.
No harm admitting I fell in love with the sound of you
No information is shared and it is totally private.
No lack of opportunity, presuming she had a gun.
No line because of Cam Newton's uncertain status.
No matter how many elections you win, they never will
No matter what you think of me, I didn't do it
No more alarm menu
No more amenities please, I have everything I need
No more could he defend himself against them.
No more shower gel, please request more
No more than the woman who said she would take Granada from the Moors
No more wake up call, please
No need say anything at all to the old woman.
No offense, Whistler, but you're not exactly working with state of the art equipment here
No offense, or anything, but it's kind of hard to swallow
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
No one here pokes fun at manly virtues.
No one in Sierra County has the necessary skills.
No one is allowed to enter the Casbah at this hour
No one is threatening anyone else just yet.
No one material is best for all situations.
No one seemed to hear him, no one heeded.
No one treated or helped with her broken leg!
No one was at home at the time.
No one will even suspect that it is your work.
No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house
No other popular idol is accorded even that much grace.
No other visitor inquired for her that evening.
No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock
No point getting into all these semantics, he said.
No problem, just give us until dawn and we're gone
No pushing in the neighborhood, especially not on my street
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate.
No questions, statements, or explanations are permitted -- only commands.
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however.
No resistance movement can operate without their total consent.
No secular democracy can ever succeed without acceptance of pluralism.
No single explanation is adequate to account for this.
No sport has as many experts as does baseball.
No thanks to you, What you think of the hair?
No time for any of that crap any more, lady
No way he's going to get nominated west of the Hudson with a new wife
No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning.
No, I don't hate you; I don't even think about you!
No, I go to a school to learn how to do hair
No, I have no idea, unless some of the silver-ware is missing
No, I mean was it right away or in the night or when was it
No, I said I'd get you a pizza afterwards
No, I wanted to be a professional hockey player
No, I'm sorry, darling, I told you I won't be home for a few days
No, I'm trying to start a thing where the cough is separate
No, I've got a sweet paying job that I'm about to lose
No, but I was just at party number three
No, but airline miles are just like a currency these days
No, but it makes the rest easy to take
No, but she's gotta be at least a month late
No, coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child.
No, darling I'd rather you didn't come out.
No, he didn't have his gun, which he should have.
No, he had been surprised, unpleasantly surprised, but surprised.
No, he made me realize how much I love you
No, he's admitted it, he's admitted it, said Guthrie.
No, last time I said  I love you, Alex
No, let's go back to party number one
No, no, it's my fault. We didn't have a proper introduction
No, other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder.
No, please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep.
No, thank you and I'm afraid now I really must be going
No, the Cleveland Cavaliers aren't having the season everyone expected.
No, there are just a few things I want to ask you
No, they could kill him just as easy right now.
No, this is as far as we're going to go
No, we just had lunch at the hotel with my brother and his new wife
No, we will mail the test results to you
No, you were addicted to cocaine, I said.
No, you won't accomplish anything you set out to
No, your son had left when I came yesterday
No. I'm not putting any pressure on myself.
Nobody alive today knows how to do work like that
Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers.
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction.
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category.
Nobody wanted you to leave school and go to work in the store
Nobody wants to fight me; they're all afraid
Nobody was very surprised by the companies they chose.
Nolan then went to third on DeFeo's sacrifice bunt.
Non-subscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.
None have been found to be economically viable.
None of the crowd had stepped forward to help.
None of the food looks appetizing
None of the neighbors got close to him, or his wife
None of these countries is happy with these arrangements.
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge.
None of these other costumes even come close to ours
None of these values is destroyed, not significantly altered by refrigeration storage.
None of this is true for the Northerner.
None of this would be happening if you would have left it alone
None of your ideas can be goofy, Stew, if they concern me
None were finer than the Highland's Bar and Grill.
None, there's nothing else, you know how tight the market is
Nonetheless, they appeared willing to step up to help.
Nor do I have the luxury of not taking sides.
Nor were there any rules to save him.
Normal check out
Norman looked at her. 'I don't want to go.'
Norton was nearer the summit than any man before him.
Norway's move caused dissent among pro-life EU members.
Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done.
Not all of us have bloated Government pensions.
Not all the concern for health is well directed.
Not all the paintings, however, are of cities.
Not allowing us to do so is a violation.
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found.
Not everyone in East Austin shares McCarver's trepidation.
Not everyone is bewitched by Byron's caliphs and harem beauties.
Not exactly the point I was trying to make
Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me.
Not getting hitched in the church of your childhood?
Not if his body disappears and not if the money is still here
Not if you're going to lose any sleep about it
Not likely, unless they all go to Stanford.
Not much doubt who that line was aimed at.
Not much to shoot, but there are a few pheasant.
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something
Not often but it does happen, he said.
Not only will Americans believe me, they'll cry for me
Not surprisingly, she ate her food, excused herself. That's the last they saw her
Not that I've seen, but that has no meaning that means nothing
Not that any of this is Will and Kate's fault.
Not that it was any of her business.
Not that she complained, or had any cause to.
Not that you ever had anything very original or challenging to say on the subject
Not the actor, whose name is George, by the way
Not the greatest, but they stick to your belly insides.
Not to mention people driving over her and doggies doing their business
Not without the name of the contact who can discount the bonds
Not yet Sir. The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!
Not yet, but I am thinking about it
Note that there are 3 trials of interest.
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men.
Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies.
Nothing like Godot, he arrived before the hour.
Nothing of value was reported missing from the vehicle.
Nothing on the menu is appetizing
Nothing was said about hotels or train journeys.
Nothing will change if the amendment fails or passes.
Nothing, however, could be farther from the truth.
Notice how badly Ireland scores in this chart.
NotifyMe makes sending timed text and email messages easy.
Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother.
Now Dyle, you listen to me, my mama didn't raise no stupid children
Now I do not think their view will do.
Now I know it's pretty late and if you'd rather
Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months
Now I'm going to speak to her and I want her to answer
Now I'm sure that he will be here any minute
Now Kevin, what can you tell our readers?
Now Nader is a very nice Arabic name.
Now Teresa continued to live there alone, happily enough.
Now Vivian, for instance, was not too long on sympathy.
Now about 4,100 businesses are using this program.
Now all I'm asking is that everybody do their part
Now all we have to do is keep our heads
Now all we need is a way to get there
Now don't tell me you were drunk at the time and don't remember!
Now external factors are playing a bigger role, analysts say.
Now have you given any thought to that Peace and Freedom Party thing
Now he even incorporates some stretches while he's working.
Now he has abandoned all that to be A Writer.
Now he says there's only a handful left.
Now he was going to show how much he knew.
Now he's the front-runner for the 15th District House seat.
Now his family doesn't understand what he does.
Now how are you gonna get us into that room?
Now if you won't do me a simple favor I don't know what
Now it seemed logical to bring the two together.
Now it turns out you were only interested in the money
Now it's here, what impact will the five-door hatchback make?
Now it's more moody like a scene from THE THIRD MAN
Now let us see where this power comes from.
Now listen boss, if you're going to kick about that expense account
Now listen to me: It's got to look like an accident
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough.
Now remember, your short term memory may have been affected
Now schoolwork is not very important to Jennifer.
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name, something special.
Now she was sleeping so soundly I couldn't wake her.
Now stop wasting time
Now tell us something we don't know, like where they stashed her
Now that Lily's there, it's a whole new dynamic
Now that you explain it I see that you're right
Now that your problem is solved, I need you to lend me a hand with my problem
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands.
Now the attempt on the summit could begin.
Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label
Now there could be an end to pretending.
Now there is a slightly different criteria, he said.
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper.
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar.
Now there won't be any more because she's gonna be dead forever!
Now they have some money in emergency situations.
Now turn around so I can see your face.
Now we can get our own apartment and do anything we want
Now we just need a little more sunshine.
Now we lead in several major Internet areas.
Now what could he sell at three in the morning?
Now where, I wonder, would they have gotten that idea?
Now you can bring the vehicle to a stop: there on the left
Now you can get prescription-level antihistamines over the counter
Now you expect me to take all the risks while you take the profit!
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe.
Now you just go ahead and tell me I'm wrong
Now you make your call, but not a word about tonight
Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!
Now you're going to do just what I tell you to
Now's the time you're meant to do something, isn't it?
Now, I need the action and I need the money
Now, I remember a lot of stories from back in the days
Now, I sifted through your party submissions, and I narrowed them down to these five
Now, Joe, you know it was all a mistake, don't you?
Now, another of those historic paintings has finally emerged.
Now, as then, it is a matter of jobs.
Now, he just needed a chance to test them.
Now, he knew there was a city with an oasis due east
Now, if you asked me to meet you tomorrow, it would really drive him insane
Now, if you took the ropes off, I'd be able to feed myself
Now, lad, just because it don't point north don't mean it don't work
Now, people often think a good mix should rise and fall, but people are wrong
Now, please let us go before we miss our international business meeting
Now, prepare yourselves for an audio journey into the white-hot center of adrenaline
Now, the picture is clouded, and even US Senators.
Now, to this day, I don't know what happened in there
Now, you ladies look good, but your outfits are missing just one thing
Nowadays, there is a pharmacy inside most supermarkets
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism.
Number 31 won't let me in the delivery room
Number eight
Number eleven
Number fifteen
Number five
Number four
Number fourteen
Number nine
Number one
Number seven
Number six
Number sixteen
Number ten
Number thirteen
Number three
Number twelve
Number two
Numerous carnival rides and games are also in abundance.
OK, I am all set to go. I will be back soon
OK, I will put down one box of ice cream if you say so
OK, take this medication three times a day after you eat
OR you can pay $5 and just see the band.
Obama clearly points out the high stakes in this election.
Obama, despite his efforts to resist, has gotten spattered.
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries.
Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road.
Obviously, McKinsey's consultants were not chosen for their legs!
Occasionally I have had really bad headaches and an upset stomach
Odors from the plant aren't bad every day, she said.
Of 1,000 issues traded, 600 advanced and 400 declined.
Of course I know who do you think is paying for it?
Of course I look like hell, you don't look so hot yourself, Jack
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care.
Of course the matter caught the public's attention.
Of course there is a major difference here.
Of course you'll decide you deserve the bigger one, and who's to argue?
Of course, Mr. Wolf, 48 years old, has some savings.
Of course, a loss to the Crimson Tide is expected.
Of course, it was not meant to be.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now
Of course, it's just for us to verify your credit card information
Of course, it's sad that some people have to leave.
Of course, many more things are charted besides prices.
Of course, the AEC is in a bind now.
Of course, the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching.
Of course, the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts.
Of four dark brown ears, one twitched slightly at this.
Of that cost, about $250 million went on software development.
Of the three volumes, Blenheim is easily the best.
Of the two, The Life Of Bright is incomparably the better biography.
Of what new course could it mark the beginning?
Off at noon, and she'd never come back.
Off to buy a half interest in a mall in Granada Hills on their behalf
Offenders of this bill will receive a non-moving violation citation.
Official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army.
Official or unofficial intimidation can be a federal crime.
Officials declined to disclose the identity of the pilot.
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one.
Oh I see, but Gloria doesn't seem to be satisfied with the twenty thousand dollars
Oh hell no, I'm not in a hospital.
Oh how I wish I could still grow tall.
Oh my God, Elvis Presley's wiggling his hips, how offensive!
Oh yea, it's an election year coming up.
Oh, God, I am so sorry about this
Oh, I don't want to be no bother to nobody
Oh, I know, baby, I'd love to go, but it's two against one
Oh, I'm sorry I just yelled at you
Oh, Smythe, some bicarbonate of soda, quick - double strength
Oh, Tanya, I'm so glad you said that
Oh, and there's the fact that you have no choice
Oh, and we never found out where that pineapple came from
Oh, buy four pieces of salmon filet and four pieces of catfish filet
Oh, come on, I didn't use one of the good towels
Oh, come on, man, what are we doing in this flea bag?
Oh, honey, tell me we haven't progressed to full on hallucinations
Oh, now that's a bedtime story I'd like to wake up to!
Oh, she doesn't look like a tiger, check
Oh, she just had to make an appearance at this other party
Oh, so it's back to pretending we're human again, is it?
Oh, stop talking about yourself like you're a lush or something
Oh, that's what I meant to tell you.
Oh, the irony and the bitterness of it!
Oh, there would be no sense in killing you, Miss Turner
Oh, there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished, and she never had it easy
Oh, wait, no, that's just my shirt reflected in yours
Oh, well, maybe that's just 'cause you haven't seen me play
Oh, why are there not more men out there like you?
Oh, yeah, I forgot. You still prefer your cat to the real thing
Oh, yeah, she was spending New Year's with her boyfriend Derek
Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out
Oh, you know, it's in the little fridge in your room
Oh, you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first.
Oh, you've got the money all right, you just don't know you've got it
Oil is the fulcrum on which our future pivots.
Ok, I'll never be big enough to fight him
Okay, Hal, well let's see the way things go from here on
Okay, I finished the Gummi Bear layer of the salad
Okay, I know that stuff looks dumb from the outside
Okay, I know that you've all dismissed this theory before
Okay, I see there's a misunderstanding of my point here.
Okay, I told you what I wanted about Minnesota Fats
Okay, I'll meet you at party number three
Okay, Lily, we're putting you on salad duty
Okay, but I'm going to spread some common sense
Okay, but as of right now, at 2:45 a.m
Okay, but this time, jump up and I'll swipe your legs
Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen
Okay, here's another one that leaves me shaking my head.
Okay, it helped, but that was really creepy
Okay, look, I just need to see the band
Okay, so I didn't have a written lease as such
Okay, tell you what, I'll give you a head start
Okay, then how about we try out some French cuisine
Okay, well, I better get back out there
Okay, well, I guess now is as good a time as any
Okay, why did I just send my family to Atlanta?
Okay, would you mind if I borrowed some clothes?
Okay, you're going to need to learn how to lie
Old Bernie didn't miss a trick with this room, did he?
Old man Christian wasn't about to go shopping for a snuff film himself
Old, tired, trembling the woman came to the cannery.
On 6 June they set out for Camp 5.
On Christmas night, they had had a disagreement about it.
On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
On June 30, loss reserves stood at $108.3 million.
On May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings.
On Wednesday evening, November 23, 1859, in Warren, Rev.
On all sides doors were being slammed in his face.
On an impulse, she turned back and said good morning.
On balance, prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then.
On my way to the elevator, I ran into Pete.
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
On the beach, there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls.
On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside.
On the name change, Montgomery says their rational was two-fold.
On the stage, Harry Hawk began to weep.
On the surface, the whole question was purely feudal.
On the way I gave him the scoop.
On the way I'll give you the scoop.
On the way down he started coughing badly.
On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights.
On the whole, audiences will like this performance.
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver.
On what TV channel can I watch the most popular Korean dramas?
On what days is the shopping area of Myeongdong the least busiest?
On what floor can I find the hotel's spa and wellness center?
On what floor of the hotel can I find the BOUTIQUE SPA?
On which channel can I watch BBC or CNN in English?
Once again five candidates were running for mayor.
Once again, our interests have fallen victim to his ridiculous crusade
Once again, we'll be in the big tent, Thompson said.
Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it.
Once more, Katie reared, and whinnied in fear.
Once one bus is late, it causes a chain reaction.
Once they get what's in the safe deposit box they'll kill us
Once they learn to use it, they will never forget.
Once we have the money, then none of this ever happened
Once you actually hear those words out loud I don't want to hear that
Once you pick it up you can't put it down
Once you're in the car with me, she's sure to come to us
Once, when I was 16, I was driving and I hit this hitchhiker
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
One always wakes up, even from one's own dreams.
One answer is growing a diversity of crops.
One by one he tossed the objects aside.
One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint, It Doesn't Affect Us!
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C.
One could hear a very faint, ladylike sigh of relief.
One day the telephone rang at his home.
One day you have an apartment, the next day it's a House of Dumplings
One day you will learn to respect other people's time, Lydia
One does not have to look for distress.
One even gave my little dog a biscuit.
One experiment showed the greatest one-year difference occurring between the eleventh and twelfth years.
One fin is located every 120-degrees around the inside diameter of the wheel.
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds.
One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness
One hundred people were employed at the abattoir.
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation.
One is a Mr. Ward, of Ward's Island fame.
One is not more true than the other.
One man dropped to his knee for better aim.
One might think the problem would be similar.
One more trick like this, and I'll be forced to revoke all your liberties!
One need only consume it and the spirit of his ancestors will settle upon him
One night, after dinner with Marina, Luciano found the answer.
One night, you're cruising along, enjoying the ride, and then all of a sudden, you're 28
One of eastern Australia's biggest lamb feedlot sheds has opened.
One of the 1st volunteer fire departments in British Columbia.
One of the by products of my belief is that I can become amazingly boring
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating.
One of the fathers was on the TV saying, My child was not bad
One of the most important aspects of treatment is rehabilitation.
One of the phone calls was from a publishing company.
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame.
One of them looks like South Beach Miami places.
One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage.
One of those clear days that always come after Thanksgiving.
One of those was the family of Roger Murray.
One of us had to do it every morning.
One of your pets had attempted to walk on water and drowned
One option is to walk away and maintain your dignity.
One or the other of them was usually in jail
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo.
One out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce!
One particularly moving dance, "Misery Loves Company," explored suicide.
One person who reacted negatively was Luciano's mother, Rosa.
One possibility is a return to social democratic capitalism.
One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations.
One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition.
One teacher saying it was a sad day.
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
One thing the new building apparently won't have is washrooms.
One thing they hoped to find was a camera.
One thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
One was an article on the U.N. by Alice Widener from the Cincinnati Enquirer.
One was for two hundred thousand, one dollar and thirteen cents
One way to formalize this is in the job structure.
One white hand poised a stick above his desk.
One who needed no such threats was a French financier.
One young volunteer said she is happy to do it.
One, I was on to you the moment they turned you
One, in particular, spooks people to this day.
Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange.
Only 10 per cent of the state is considered satisfactory.
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were.
Only Charles couldn't wait quite as long as the others
Only Cromwell, the giant boatswain, was mild-mannered and respectful.
Only God knows the meaning of such words, my son
Only I don't have the damn money for a room
Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment.
Only a few days after moving into the White House.
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem.
Only five porters continued with Mallory and Bruce.
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking.
Only one worth a shit, and that's Brandon.
Only public understanding and support can provide that service.
Only the assignment of the information cells is important.
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored.
Only then did he decide he didn't want one.
Only then will we be able to deal with the French
Only two other Catholic colleges host an NFL training camp.
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used.
Open all curtains
Open all curtains, now
Open all the curtains
Open curtains
Open curtains in the room
Open facility information
Open gym information
Open home screen
Open hotel facility information
Open hotel facility information, now
Open hotel information
Open hotel information now
Open hotel information on screen
Open hotel introduction
Open in-room dining
Open information on hotel facilities
Open room darkening curtains
Open room dining
Open room information
Open room service
Open room status
Open sauna information
Open sauna information on screen
Open sheer curtains
Open status of the room
Open staus of the room
Open swimming pool information
Open swimming pool information on screen
Open the alarm
Open the alarm app
Open the alarm display
Open the alarm function
Open the alarm page
Open the alarm window
Open the concierge app
Open the concierge on the screen
Open the concierge screen
Open the room status
Open the timer
Open the timer and count 10 minutes
Open the timer for me
Open to all levels of experience and age.
Open up all curtains
Open up curtains
Open up curtains in the room
Open up dining information of the hotel
Open up information about the hotel gym
Open up information about the hotel sauna
Open up information about the hotel swimming pool
Open up room darkening curtains
Open up room information
Open up sauna information
Open up sheer curtains
Open up sheer curtains in the room
Open up swimming pool information
Open up the curtains
Open up the curtains in this room
Open up the room darkening curtains
Open up the room darkening curtains in this place
Open up the sheer curtains
Open up the sheer curtains in this room
Open wide all curtains in this room
Open wide all the curtains
Open wide curtains in this room
Open wide room darkening curtains
Open wide room darkening curtains in this place
Open wide sheer curtains in this room
Open your heart to Him and pray, Stephen, pray!
Opening up just a little wouldn't tell you, ya know
Operating profit dropped 46% in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment.
Opposite the number 1105 stood one word : Unoccupied.
Opposition to the bill again came from the coast.
Oprah decided to negotiate with the TV station.
Option B would raise all aforementioned charges by 7 percent.
Options for in-room dining
Options for room dining
Options for room service
Or I will burn your asses and snort the ashes
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within?
Or do I have a wrong idea about heaven?
Or do I have some time to think about it?
Or do you think, the more the merrier?
Or does it strive to create balance for employees?
Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere?
Or it might provide an answer when I'm washing dishes.
Or it'll get mixed in with the others and become just a coin
Or part of a prolonged and lucrative sustainable catastrophe?
Or perhaps she had just had enough of business.
Or that two people entered the election booth simultaneously.
Or that's what it looked like at the time.
Or the arrival of death on the shore.
Or the bay of female dogs in heat.
Or try the Naked Chip for delicious fish and chips.
Or wind up in trouble like shock jock Howard Stern.
Or you figure oppression stops at that thing dangling between your legs!
Or, more rhythmically, ' The swarthy witches are laughing '?
Or, rather, Commodore Norrington a fine gentleman, don't you think?
Orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac.
Order a humidifier for my room
Order a pair of slippers
Order some ice
Organizations are invited to come and decorate an area.
Organize a 6 AM wakeup call for me
Organize a wakeup call for tomorrow morning 8:30 sharp
Originally this cake was made with nine knobs on it.
Originally, the main types used were various compositions of polyesters.
Ornament is confabulation in the interstices of structure.
Other Democrats say they want to "improve" it.
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens.
Other car makers could not compete with GM for decades.
Other commanders, and thousands of guerrillas, followed him.
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases.
Other factions of the Democratic Party support the agreement.
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds, too.
Other game birds, like bobwhite quail, were even less successful.
Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation.
Other morphological, physical, and optical property values are also given.
Other retailers formed a group to support Benetton.
Other stations included health care, the bank, and even jail.
Other terms that might be used are unconscionable and unfair.
Other than that, I do not see any problems
Other than that, all I know about is the mail
Other than that, trusting your artistic interpretation, I have only two stipulations
Other than those two courses, everything was amazing.
Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept.
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence.
Others look to more objective devices of order.
Others might buy investments, such as homes and other properties.
Others outside India also were attentive to this.
Otherwise, UN will march blindly on to certain defeat.
Otherwise, straighten your halo, square your wings, and dig in.
Otherwise, there's little indication of the material's origin.
Otherwise, you will want to buy everything that you see
Our Systems focus on total Security & Life Safety Solutions.
Our architect took on the challenge with zeal.
Our big Metro News 1 camping trip was gonna be this weekend
Our biggest problem today is the shortage of jobs.
Our building suppression systems were down, the elevators.
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley.
Our company has more choices than you have described.
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other.
Our edge is that they don't know we're in touch
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us.
Our entire economy will have a terrific uplift.
Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame, which is for a junction.
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics.
Our local community continues to be amazingly supportive.
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix.
Our pitching is much better than it has shown.
Our players are starting to understand situations better, said Grant.
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument.
Our project leader believes that tomb to be located within the city of Venice, Italy
Our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled.
Our sheriff's office looks like 'Sesame Street' on TV.
Our sport's lucky to have such a great role model.
Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows --
Our system is balanced, it's right in the middle.
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries.
Our vast resources are yet to be harnessed.
Our whole family needs slippers
Out of this re-created literalness, the Cubist subject reemerged.
Out on my back when I was a small boy
Out went letters to 60,000 old grads, asking for suggestions.
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September.
Outside analysts think Saddam Hussein's position is indeed precarious.
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day.
Outside is attractive low maintenance garden, garage and parking.
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, commission, or other compensation.
Oval face without an expression in the world.
Over 4 million shares were sold, the highest figures since early June.
Over a hundred such organizations exist in Poland.
Over a three week period Keith received chemotherapy and radiation.
Over medium low heat, bring to a bare simmer.
Over the years, it has become much more.
Over there the bar, and in here, the dance floor
Overall availability of services could fall, Miller said.
Overall efficiency wasn't nearly as good as it could be.
Overall, more than 2 million foreigners are in both countries.
Overnight he became the most available man in Washington.
Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries.
Oxnard, California will be the home of the Rev.
Ozone can worsen asthma and cause lung damage.
PCs enable a step-by-step approach using standardized software.
PG&E last year reported a $1.1 billion profit.
PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs.
Pack the money up and put it in the trunk
Packing the new trays means a lot more work.
Paid all this money for it and still can't get a apartment
Pakistan's national parks in northern terrain are worth exploring.
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement.
Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along.
Panel enclosed bath, shower attachment, low level WC, sink.
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown.
Paper is increasing faster than digital technology can reduce it!
Paramedics treated the victims at the scene, the sergeant said.
Pardon me, I've had a few things on my mind, like putting this safari together
Pardon me, madam - but what am I to say to the newspapermen?
Pare a lemon very thin and grate a nutmeg.
Parenthood, they find, is just another sort of circus.
Parents have to find other ways of comforting him.
Parker certainly had much more of an influence.
Parking available to the front of the garage.
Parking fines are a tax on stupidity or laziness.
Part of her wants to vote for a female president.
Part of his opinion appears to be fueled by misinformation.
Participants will build and take home a rain barrel.
Participation is voluntary for doctors, health care providers and networks.
Party number five is 20 blocks away and all the way across town
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.
Pat had contacts all over the labor movement.
Pat paused there, looking across at the young fellow.
Patiently, he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives.
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
Patricia holds the family together with her strong faith.
Paul Clements will serve us well in Washington.
Paul Park, who helped pass the legalization legislation.
Paul had been watching television for two hours before it was turned off
Paul was exercising when his mother got home from work yesterday
Pauline had two sons by marriage, Steve and Terry.
Pause land is a magical place with popcorn shrimp mounds and butter sauce rivers
Pause the time
Pause the timer
Pause the timer now
Pavilion and Le Roy fire departments are responding.
Pay more than the minimum payment whenever you can.
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume.
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31.
People 10 tables away would know the moves
People are giving their doctors a hard time.
People are really on the edge, and really, really sensitive.
People crowded the banks to see the teams race.
People get less than that for killing their children.
People give a lot of money to the charity.
People have climbed Everest from the south, north, and west.
People have the right to say what they please.
People kept asking me, 'Where can I get this?'
People need to do their due diligence, he said.
People were screaming and crying out for help.
People who make the kind of money my brother makes don't carry money on them
Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra.









Pick the first one
Place a request for a bar of soap
Place a request for a champagne glass
Place a request for a change in sheets
Place a request for a coffee cup
Place a request for a comb
Place a request for a disposable cup and a lid
Place a request for a few more hampers
Place a request for a few more hangers
Place a request for a foam pillow
Place a request for a highball glass
Place a request for a luggage chair
Place a request for a luggage rack
Place a request for a martini glass
Place a request for a mug
Place a request for a new tooth brush
Place a request for a pair of slippers suitable for kids
Place a request for a razor
Place a request for a reusable paper cup
Place a request for a scale
Place a request for a tea kettle
Place a request for a wake up call
Place a request for a wake up call at 8AM, daily
Place a request for a water refill
Place a request for a wine glass
Place a request for amenities
Place a request for bathrobes
Place a request for bathroom amenities
Place a request for bedding
Place a request for body lotion
Place a request for body scrub
Place a request for body scrubs
Place a request for body wash
Place a request for boxes
Place a request for check out
Place a request for envelopes
Place a request for femenine hygiene products
Place a request for fresh linens
Place a request for hangers
Place a request for hangers to hang my pants
Place a request for humidifiers
Place a request for international newspapers
Place a request for laundry bags to put my laundry in
Place a request for lined paper
Place a request for mending kit, now
Place a request for more Q-tips
Place a request for more cotton buds
Place a request for more cotton swabs
Place a request for more facial tissue paper
Place a request for more hangers for trousers
Place a request for more shower mats
Place a request for more toilet paper
Place a request for nail clippers
Place a request for nail polish remover
Place a request for pant hangers
Place a request for post-its
Place a request for sanitary pads
Place a request for scissors
Place a request for shampoo
Place a request for shampoo to be sent immediately
Place a request for slippers suitable for kids
Place a request for some clean towels
Place a request for some dental floss
Place a request for some fresh robes
Place a request for some pen
Place a request for some room amenities: scissors and box tape
Place a request for some slippers
Place a request for some writing paper
Place a request for some yellow post-it notes
Place a request for water bottles
Place a request slippers for children
Place a request to cancel the wake up call
Place a request to fix my room's hair dryer
Place a request to have my safety box fixed
Place an amenities request
Place an order for a pair of children's slippers
Place an order for more ice
Place an order for some slippers
Place in a request for kid's slippers
Place in a request for shopping bags
Place request for a carton box
Place request for a humidifier
Place request for additional laundry bags to be sent to the room
Place request for an additional comb
Place request for conditioner
Place request for pair of slippers to be sent to the room
Place request for slippers for young children
Place request for some boxes
Place request for some tape
Please bring 2 tubes of tooth paste
Please call emergency services
Please call if you have any information on David Ravell
Please call the ambulance
Please call the police
Please cancel the order I've placed
Please cancel the wake up call
Please change my current sheets to hypoallergenic blankets
Please change my sheets to new ones, please
Please change shower mats
Please check for holding fees for baggage after checkout 
Please check for meeting space availability
Please check if the indoor pool can be used right now
Please check the hours for the game room
Please check the time for hotel check in
Please choose number one
Please choose the first one
Please close gym information
Please close information about gym, now
Please close information about sauna, now
Please close information about swimming pool, now
Please close out of the hotel facility information for now
Please close out of the screen with all the hotel information
Please close out of the screen with hotel facility information
Please close sauna information
Please close swimming pool information
Please close the main menu for the time being
Please close the screen showing dining information
Please close the screen with the hotel introduction now
Please deliver a clean set of slippers
Please deliver some bath towels to my room
Please deliver some envelopes to my room
Please dial the emergency number
Please dim all the lights near the bed
Please dim the lights near the bed
Please direct the main menu to another page
Please don't put that kind of pressure on me
Please drop the temperature of the room by 6 degrees
Please drop the temperature of this place by 8 degrees
Please end alarm
Please exit completely the screen with the hotel information
Please exit out of room information screen
Please exit the alarm
Please exit the alarm app
Please exit the alarm screen
Please exit the alarm window
Please give me a ring at 5AM tomorrow
Please give me a wake up call at 8AM
Please give me information on hotel facilities
Please have the front desk give me a morning call at 8AM
Please help me connect to the wifi 
Please help me gather more information about the hotel sauna
Please help me increase the room temperature by 20 degrees
Please help me with the check out
Please help me with the late check out 
Please hold onto your wallets as you enter.
Please keep the room cold during the night
Please launch all hotel facilities information
Please launch main display
Please launch main menu, now
Please launch room information
Please make hotel details available to me
Please make sure the temperature stays above 58 degrees Fahrenheit
Please make the AC stronger
Please make the temperature drop by 9 degrees
Please make this room pitch black
Please navigate me to the home menu
Please open information on hotel facilities
Please open information on hotel facilities, now
Please open the curtains
Please open the room darkening curtains
Please open the sheer curtains
Please place an order for ice in a bucket
Please place an order for more conditioner
Please place an order for more ice
Please provide me with guidelines for age to use the sauna
Please provide me with more Information about the check-in process
Please provide me with more small towels
Please provide me with some conditioner
Please provide me with some ice
Please provide some foam pillows
Please quit the screen now
Please reduce dry air with a humidifier
Please remove my old towels and give me more hand towels
Please replace hand towels
Please replace my old towels
Please request a late check out
Please request front desk for a paper cup and a lid
Please schedule a daily morning call for 8am this week
Please select number one
Please select the first one
Please select the option on the bottom of the list
Please send a humidifier for my room
Please send an extra pair of slippers
Please send me more shampoo
Please send me more slippers
Please send me more towels
Please send more body lotion
Please send more shampoo
Please send more toilet paper
Please send more toothpaste
Please send more water
Please send over a new towel
Please send over more body wash
Please send over more small towels
Please send over more soap
Please send some bathrobes
Please set the morning call for 6PM on Friday
Please set the thermostat to room temperature
Please set up a wake up call for today at 8PM
Please set up a wake up call tomorrow
Please show hotel facilities
Please show hotel facility information
Please show hotel information
Please show me all hotel facilities
Please show me hotel facilities
Please show me how to connect to the wifi 
Please show me the wifi password. I need to connect to it immediately
Please shut off all the central lights, immediately
Please stop showing me the status of this room
Please stop the timer
Please switch on the master lights
Please tell me information on hotel facilities
Please tell me more information on hotel facilities
Please tell me the number to the front desk
Please tell me the status of the bathroom lights
Please turn down the thermostat to the lowest possible setting
Please turn off all the heating in the room, it's getting too warm
Please turn off all the lamps in the room
Please turn off the AC, immediately
Please turn on all the free-standing lamps around the room
Prepare a 7 AM wakeup call
Prepare a wakeup call for 7 AM
Prepare an alarm for me for Tuesday 11 AM
Proceed with check out
Provide check-in details
Provide check-in details for the hotel
Provide check-in information
Provide check-in time
Provide check-out details
Provide check-out details for the hotel
Provide check-out information
Provide check-out time
Provide me with a wake up call
Provide me with a wake up call 
Provide me with a wake up call on Monday at 5AM
Provide me with check-in details
Provide me with check-in information
Provide me with check-in time
Provide me with check-out details
Provide me with check-out information
Provide me with check-out time
Provide me with details on room darkening curtains
Provide me with information on this room
Provide me with new bath mats
Provide room information
Pull up information for hotel check-in
Pull up the alarm
Pull up the alarm display
Pull up the alarm menu
Pull up the alarm screen
Pull up the alarm window
Pull up the weather for today
Pull up today's weather
Put an end to the wake up call
Put away the alarm app
Put away the alarm screen
Put away the amenities list
Put away timer app
Put in a request for amenities
Put in a request for an alarm clock
Put in a request for bath amenities
Put in a request for check out
Put in a request for concierge services
Put in a request for dry towels
Put in a request for hotel wake up service
Put in a request for humidifier
Put in a request for laundry bags
Put in a request for linen
Put in a request for matt coated paper
Put in a request for more body lotion, please
Put in a request for more cotton swabs
Put in a request for more hand towels
Put in a request for more hangers
Put in a request for more ice
Put in a request for more shampoo, please
Put in a request for more shower mats
Put in a request for more toilet paper
Put in a request for more water
Put in a request for new blankets
Put in a request for one face towel
Put in a request for pant hangers
Put in a request for plates
Put in a request for printing paper
Put in a request for room amenities
Put in a request for room cleaning
Put in a request for scissors
Put in a request for shampoo
Put in a request for shoe shine service
Put in a request for slippers
Put in a request for slippers with smaller size
Put in a request for slippers, now
Put in a request for some C6 envelopes
Put in a request for some cardboard boxes
Put in a request for some carton boxes
Put in a request for some envelopes
Put in a request for some extra pant hangers
Put in a request for some femenine hygiene products
Put in a request for some fresh robes
Put in a request for some hangers
Put in a request for some international newspapers
Put in a request for some nail clippers
Put in a request for some nail polish remover
Put in a request for some pencils
Put in a request for some post-its
Put in a request for some sanitary pads
Put in a request for some shopping bags
Put in a request for some sticky notes
Put in a request for water bottles
Put in a request for writing paper
Put in a request to cancel the wake up call
Put in a request to change the bedding
Put in a request to change the linen
Put in a request to fix the coffee machine
Put in a request to fix the hair dryer
Put in a request to have hangers for trousers
Put in a request to have some lined paper sent to the room
Put in a request to use a scale
Put in request for fresh linens
Put me through to emergency services
Put the concierge screen away
Put the help page up
Put the help screen up
Put wings on the turkey and put legs on it.
Put your skates and your pads on, boys
Putting on all the girly music we can.
Putting together pieces of wood is not going to be difficult
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers.
Quebec's deficit is the next largest at $3.3 billion.
Question is, is the hand holding that match gonna be black or white
Quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions.
Quit amenities screen
Quit dining information screen
Quit facility information
Quit facility information of the hotel
Quit hotel introduction
Quit in-room dining screen
Quit information about hotel facilities
Quit information about hotel facilities, now
Quit it
Quit now
Quit now facility information
Quit room dining scree
Quit room dining screen
Quit room information screen
Quit room service screen
Quit sauna information screen
Quit screen on hotel facilities
Quit screen on hotel facilities, now
Quit screen on hotel facility, now
Quit screen on hotel gym
Quit screen on hotel sauna
Quit screen on hotel swimming pool
Quit screen with room information
Quit swimming pool information screen
Quit the concierge app
Quit the gym information screen
Quit the help page
Quit the hotel information screen
Quit the screen on in-room service
Quit the screen on room dining
Quit the screen on room service
RIC boasts the largest baccalaureate nursing program in the state.
Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace.
Rachel followed, looked at me, and clucked with her tongue.
Rachel had seen me watching the young man.
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone.
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food.
Raffle winners need not be present to win.
Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central.
Raleigh Police Detective Paul Hale was killed in the incident.
Rally officials weren't available to comment late yesterday.
Randall's fish is the 11th state-record fish this year.
Raoul, what in God's name do we do if she has a gun?
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet.
Rather than head home, the team traveled directly to.
Rats had been fed bath and shower products.
Ray, if you please -- the ' Cradle Song '.
Read more of Slate's coverage of the Democratic primary debate.
Read the full piece at the Times of India.
Readers may take issue with some of this.
Reagan was being held without bail in Charleston County jail.
Real bright along those lines, you might say.
Real life is messier than that, and we're different people than we were in 2007
Real suede wouldn't have gone up so fast
Realizing how much a product I am of my upbringing
Really know what you're going to do before you do it
Really, he'll be home soon, would you like a cup of coffee?
Reassure your child that he or she is loved.
Rebecca, we shattered a man's life in open court
Recall Madison signs are currently splashed all over Story Road.
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper.
Recommend me something I can do to relax and replenish my body
Records are meant to be broken, Kelly said.
Red China is trying to do this, and she is not likely ever to succeed.
Red is for firefighters and purple is for pancreatic cancer.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes.
Reduce the liquid over medium-high heat until slightly thickened.
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling.
Reef thinks they can clear the Shark bow so we can pull ourself loose!
Refill my body lotion
Refill my shampoo
Refill my soap
Reflecting upon our past is a funny thing.
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
Reggie, I think I've found,  are you on?
Register a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Register a wake up call for 5AM this Thursday
Registering, however, does give a company certain advantages.
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars.
Regulation of the domestic rice market will end tomorrow.
Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation.
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence.
Religious leaders in Buffalo also condemned the shooting.
Religious people around the world were very angry with Madonna.
Remember back when you had never even seen me pee? Yeah
Remember to get out there and cast your vote.
Remember what you used to say in the Army?
Remember when I said I'd find you a girlfriend?
Remember, the SEC yield is stated in nominal yield.
Remember, when in doubt: Don't ever do what you really want to do
Remember, when the little hand is straight up that's negative.
Remind me again, what's the wifi password?
Remind me if I have a wakeup call
Remind me if there is a wakeup call for my room
Remove from heat and stir in fresh herbs.
Remove from oven and immediately brush with hot Danish glaze.
Remove my wakeup call
Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior.
Remove the wakeup call
Rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe.
Rentals will be on a first-come, first-served basis.
Replace current sheets
Replace my wet towels
Replace the dirty towels in the bathroom
Replace the old bath towels and send me new ones please
Replace the old shower mats in the bathroom
Replays will be available for one month following each presentation.
Report author Mark Barber says it depends on the farmer.
Representaive Hastings writes about the jobs Keystone will create.
Republican officials have been in Israel to plan it.
Republican registration reality should make McNerney's re-election difficult.
Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia.
Republicans vowed to block the time-limit move with a filibuster.
Reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
Request 2 extra tissue boxes from house keeping
Request 4 mending kits from house keeping
Request a bar of soap
Request a change in foam pillows
Request a change in time for the wake up call
Request a change in towels
Request a daily morning call for 6AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM
Request a daily morning call for 8:30 AM 
Request a disposable cup
Request a disposable cup and a lid
Request a few packing boxes
Request a humidifier to alleviate the dry conditions
Request a late check out
Request a laundry price list
Request a lid from housekeeping
Request a list for laundry service costs
Request a luggage rack
Request a morning call at 8AM
Request a new feather pillow
Request a new set of tooth brush and toothpaste
Request a new toothbrush
Request a pair of slippers
Request a paper cup with a lid
Request a price estimate for doing laundry
Request a record of my payment during checkout
Request a roll of paper towels
Request a roll of toilet paper
Request a scale for my room
Request a scale to be sent to the room
Request a shopping bag
Request a vanity kit
Request a wake up call
Request additional hangers for my clothes
Request additional pair of slippers
Request an additional luggage rack
Request an emergency call
Request bath amenities
Request bath towels
Request bedding
Request big towels
Request blank sheets of A4 paper
Request blank sheets of printing paper
Request body lotion
Request body moisturizer
Request body moisturizers
Request body scrub
Request body wash
Request box tape
Request cardboard boxes to be sent to the room
Request carton box
Request check out
Request check out without extra payment
Request clean sheets
Request coffee cups to be sent to my room
Request conditioner
Request conditioner, immediately
Request conditioner, now
Request cotton pads
Request drinking water
Request essential amenities: new vanity kit
Request extra hampers for clothes
Request extra hangers for clothes
Request extra laundry bags for clothes
Request extra pair of slippers to be sent to the room
Request for a ballpoint pen
Request for a coat rack
Request for a highball glass
Request for a humidifier
Request for a humidifier to be sent to my room
Request for a normal check out right now
Request for a pair of slippers
Request for another coffee cup
Request for another set of tooth brushes for the bathroom
Request for change in bedding
Request for change in linen
Request for clean towels from housekeeping
Request for foam pillow
Request for humidifiers
Request for hypoallergenic blankets for my allergies
Request for laundry services
Request for more Q-tips
Request for more cotton buds
Request for more cotton swabs
Request for more facial tissue paper
Request for normal check out
Request for reusable cups for me to take
Request for sanitary bags
Request for some box tape
Request for some masking tape, immediately
Request for some tape
Request for tape and scissors
Request fresh sheets
Request front desk for a mending kit
Request front desk for a wake up call
Request front desk for amenities
Request front desk for more water
Request front desk for some slippers for kids
Request front desk to fix problems with the safety box
Request front desk to send over some graph paper
Request front desk to send over some lined paper
Request hampers
Request hangers
Request hangers for dress pants
Request hangers for trousers
Request housekeeping for a clean set of blankets for the bed
Request housekeeping for a shaving kit
Request housekeeping for a travel cup
Request housekeeping for a wine glass
Request housekeeping for a wine glass and shot glass
Request housekeeping for bath amenities
Request housekeeping for body moisturizer
Request housekeeping for fresh linens
Request housekeeping for kid's slippers
Request housekeeping for shower caps, please
Request housekeeping for shower gel, please
Request housekeeping for soap
Request housekeeping to change my sheets
Request housekeeping to send me a scale
Request housekeeping to send me more water bottles
Request hypoallergenic blankets
Request ice
Request ice, now
Request international newspapers
Request laundry bags to be sent to the room
Request laundry bags, immediately
Request lined paper
Request linen
Request more bath mats
Request more big towels
Request more body wash
Request more conditioner
Request more hangers for the clothes
Request more shampoo
Request more soap
Request more toilet paper
Request more water for my room
Request mouthwash
Request new towels
Request now for a humidifier for the room
Request now for more conditioner
Request now for more ice
Request packing boxes
Request packing boxes sent to the room
Request pant hangers
Request pencils, now
Request room amenities: scissors
Request sanitary bags to place all my sanitary products in
Request scissors and box tape
Request service from the concierge
Request several shot glasses
Request sewing kit
Request shampoo
Request shampoo to be sent to the room
Request shower caps
Request shower gel
Request shower gel immediately
Request slippers
Request slippers for children
Request slippers for kids
Request slippers for young children
Request slippers suitable for younger children
Request slippers with a smaller size
Request some envelopes
Request some tape for boxes
Request sticky notes
Request tea kettle
Request the front desk for shopping bags
Request the front desk for some slippers
Request the front desk to cancel the wake up call
Request the front desk to register me a morning call for 8AM tomorrow
Request the hotel wake up service
Request the standard size of typing paper sent to my room
Request to fix the coffee machine
Request to fix the hair dryer
Request to have another mug sent to the room
Request to have extra shower caps for the bathroom
Request to have extra shower gel for the bathroom
Request to have more alarm clocks in the room
Request to have more water for the room, please
Request to receive a morning call at 5AM everday
Request to see all scheduled wake up calls
Request water
Request wine glasses
Request writing paper
Requesting A4 paper
Requesting a lint brush
Requesting a lint brush 
Requesting a new set of big towels
Requesting bathrobes
Requesting checkout
Requesting concierge service
Requesting dry towels
Requesting femenine hygiene products
Requesting for dry cleaning services
Requesting for more water
Requesting for twelve more shaving kits
Requesting for two more shaving kits
Requesting fresh robes
Requesting luggage chair
Requesting more body wash
Requesting more shampoo
Requesting mouthwash
Requesting nail polish remover
Requesting room cleaning services
Requesting sanitary pads
Requesting shoe shine service
Requesting toilet paper rolls
Requests must be mailed in by December 5.
Required, but uninspiring life tasks bleed away creative energy.
Researchers are developing non-surgical ways to control breeding without surgery.
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions.
Resiliency, though, needs to be measured and metered.
Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria.
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers.
Respond to support samples of opportunity to be processed locally.
Resting on his ski sticks, he looked at her.
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful.
Rev would never have tried to give her poison!
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning.
Rev. Lee Wayne Fowler will be officiating the service.
Revenue gained 13% to $77.3 million from $68.5 million.
Revenue rose 12% to $1.37 billion from $1.22 billion.
Revenue rose 14% to $4.03 billion from $3.54 billion.
Revenue rose 15% to $2.17 billion from $1.89 billion.
Revenue rose 15% to $534.3 million from $464.7 million.
Revenue rose 21% to $243.4 million from $201.2 million.
Revenue rose 27% to $715.1 million from $563.8 million.
Revenue rose 3.5% to $8.47 billion from $8.18 billion.
Revenue rose 33% to $378.1 million from $283.8 million.
Revenue rose to $200 million, from $170 million.
Revenue soared to $101.7 million from $39.5 million.
Revenue was $29.6 million, up from $25 million in 1988.
Reverend Jason got one, the Canadians the others.
Revisit that early room, which felt so huge.
Revolts in countryside continue and Afghan army faces collapse.
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind.
Rhymers looked like they would head into half time ahead.
Rich economies made their money from factories and physical strength.
Richard's next interest seemed the product of his insularity.
Riches don't make a man rich, they only make him busier
Rifle leveled on the man, he made a rush.
Right about now the does are holing up in the brush piles
Right here where your house is, you'd have been scalped
Right now I don't feel like talking much
Right now I've gotten two of my subjects to use napkins
Right now it is favorable, approximately 6.5% versus 10%.
Right now, we want to know everything that you saw
Right to work laws have been proven ineffective.
Right, Agent Cole told me he'd call and let you know to expect me
Right, but I'm the bride, so I win
Ring an alarm at 8:30 PM
Risk taking is natural in a new industry.
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
Rivers are very important sources of our water supply.
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him.
Roads and institutions are being named after him.
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs.
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests.
Robert, I hope you don't mind my asking, but I feel like I should
Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door.
Robin was into me when we first met
Robin, I don't get the sense you like being with me
Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing, precipice-walled gorge.
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions.
Rookie investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed.
Room 502 needs more snacks, drinks, and some napkins please
Room air conditioner needs to be off
Room air conditioner needs to be on
Room cleaning service required
Room feels too dry, request for a dehumidifier to be sent to the room
Room heating needs to be brought down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be brought up by two degrees
Room heating needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be highered to 30 degrees Celsius
Room heating needs to be increased by two degrees
Room heating needs to be off
Room heating needs to be on
Room heating needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room heating should increase by one degree
Room is too hot, turn off the heating
Room service screen can be closed now
Room temp should decrease by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be brought down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be brought up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be decreased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be higher
Room temperature needs to be increased by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be lower
Room temperature needs to be lowered to 18 degrees Celsius
Room temperature needs to be shifted down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be shifted up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be turned up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to go down
Room temperature needs to go up
Room temperature should increase by two degrees
Rooms seemed to change upon his entering them.
Rosa, I can't believe you're doing all this for me, thank you
Rose, a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential, was worth $400.
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin.
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up.
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back.
Rowe has spent his entire career in financial services.
Run a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Run the machine continuously until completion of the test.
Run the timer
Run the timer for 30 minutes
Run the timer for me
Running up or downhill has risks associated with it.
Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch.
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside.
Ryan told him what he could do then.
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups.
Sadly, it is happening across Ohio and the country.
Safety box isn't working properly
Said they'd have a patrol car here fast.
Said you wore yourself out, cleaning all these empty rooms.
Sailors' jobs are highly varied aboard USS Forrest Sherman.
Salads are served at least once a day.
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management.
Sales dropped drastically and watch brands sought other alternatives.
Sales had risen by 30 percent on the previous year.
Sales increased 10% to $26.54 billion from $24.05 billion.
Sales increased 36% to $683 million from $502 million.
Sales of General Motors' cars fell by 70 per cent.
Sales of Prozac, an anti-depressant, led drug-sales increases.
Sales rose 14% to $715 million from $625.4 million.
Sales rose 2.9% to $329.2 million from $320 million.
Sales rose 25% to $3.90 billion from $3.13 billion.
Sales rose 4.8% to $1.20 billion from $1.14 billion.
Sales rose 50% to $2.1 billion from $1.4 billion.
Sales rose 6.2% to $1.45 billion from $1.37 billion.
Sales rose 6.7% to $4.27 billion from $4 billion.
Sales rose 8% to $1.15 billion from $1.06 billion.
Sales rose 8% to $368.5 million from $340.7 million.
Sales rose 9% to $2.57 billion from $2.36 billion.
Sales rose 9% to $7.54 billion from $6.95 billion.
Sales rose to $3 million from $2.9 million.
Sales rose to $52.4 million from $50.1 million.
Sales rose to $9.8 million from $8.9 million.
Sales were $348 million compared with $307 a year earlier.
Sales were $4.2 billion compared with $3.7 billion.
Sam Rayburn was a good man, a good American, and, third, a good Democrat.
Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
Sam, I thought you knew everything about Tokyo.
Same bunch of people you guys already have under surveillance
Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge.
Samples : He walked in upon her invitation.
Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer.
Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door.
Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat.
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader.
Saturday was the busiest day of the week in London.
Saturn is very bright, so it is easy to find.
Saudi Arabia's efforts have been applauded by all and sundry.
Say I'm right and this could all be over
Say something bad about butter sauce, I dare you
Say, I'm not going to hang around and be a speakeasy rat all my life!
Say, am I a lucky guy to be near Anne?
Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther?
Say, for instance, your house is on fire.
Say, wasn't I a lucky guy to fall into a girl like that, huh?
Say, you could do anything with me you wanted to
Says he likes you even more than he likes his own mother
Schedule a daily morning for 8:30AM
Schedule a morning call for 5AM tomorrow
Schedule a wake up call
Schedule a wake up call for Tuesday 10AM
Schedule me a daily wake up call for 9PM
School-wise, they helped me out with anything I needed.
Science is but a gift of reason from God.
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon.
Scientists are meeting in Sydney today to tackle climate change.
Scientists long have wondered whether life ever existed on Mars.
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too.
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined.
Score plain side of C and leave in mold.
Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm.
Screw these pancakes, I should cover you in syrup and gobble you up
Search Korean food videos on YouTube
Search Seoul restaurant on YouTube
Search YouTube videos for activities in Seoul
Search for all hotel amenities
Search for check-in time for the hotel
Search for the time for hotel check-in
Search for the wifi password of the room
Search for upcoming wake up calls
Search make up tutorials on Youtube
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration.
Second one
Second, it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous.
Second, it's got to have just a little give, here
Secondly, we should increase exchanges between local governments and society.
Secretary of State Seward was a sick man.
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 to 30 minutes.
See You May Claim A Refund, Page 135.
See amenities at this hotel
See hotel amenities
See hotel check-out time
See if you can figure out why I`m saying that.
See if you can get back to the Town Hall before they get there, okay?
See if you have the information to answer these questions:
See information about the gym
See information about the swimming pool
See information for hotel check-in
See news release and full report for more info.
See page 24 for a complete report on it.
See story and more pictures on pages 19 and 21.
See swimming pool information
See the drawings for the shape of the notch.
See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds.
See time for hotel check-out
See upcoming wake up calls
See what works and where you need to make changes.
See you in the morning. you know, you ought to get some rest
See, he's already snapping it up, the dumb jerk.
See, if we took the hood off, we'd have to shoot you
See, the one in the middle just got dumped by her boyfriend
See, they put shaving cream all over that mailbox there
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position.
Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days
Seems like you told me about a promise you made
Seen by the public, the musician is the underdog par excellence.
Select number one
Select the 'keyboard', and then the remove option.
Select the eight one
Select the eleventh one
Select the fifteenth one
Select the fifth one
Select the first one
Select the fourteenth one
Select the fourth one
Select the ninth one
Select the second one
Select the second option available on the screen
Select the seventh one
Select the sixteenth one
Select the sixth one
Select the tenth one
Select the third one
Select the thirteenth one
Select the twelfth one
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem.
Selena Masters, Joe realized, was her own woman.
Selena is a big success in many countries.
Self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress.
Self-promotion is the best way to do it, he said.
Send 3 pairs of kid sized slippers
Send an extra alarm clock to the room
Send an extra luggage chair to the room
Send conditioner to my room, now
Send extra laundry bags to the room
Send for more amenities
Send half your men to the bridge, the rest with these two
Send ice to my room, now
Send it to me through the post office like we arranged
Send matt coated paper to my room immediately
Send me 4 ball point pens
Send me a new set of tooth brush and toothpaste
Send me a pair of slippers to the room
Send me more sanitary bags
Send me more toilet paper
Send me more water
Send me slippers, now
Send me some ice
Send me some ice to my room
Send me some lined paper
Send me some nail clippers
Send me someone to check out the coffee maker
Send more facial tissue paper
Send more sanitary bags
Send more tepid water to my room, please
Send more water bottles to the room
Send more water to my room, please
Send nail clippers to my room, please
Send over a new tooth brush to the room
Send over big towels
Send over hair brush
Send over new face towels
Send scale to my room
Send some extra laundry bags to the room, immediately
Send someone to fix the safety box in my room
Send them through Facebook, Twitter, or email Alex.
Send up more amenities
Send water to my room, immediately
Sending the storm back out into the Atlantic
Senior Kayla Lambert was 1 and also had an RBI.
Senior year has been his favorite of the 12 grades.
Senor Colon, an experienced captain such as yourself will understand our concern with the crew
Sense of smell returns and food tastes better.
Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process.
Seriously, though, it should not be their choice.
Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish.
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks.
Serves you right for telling your age! she shouts.
Sesame sticks, a snack dip, originated in the Southwest.
Sessions are divided into different groups of 45 minutes daily.
Set a daily morning call at 7AM
Set a timer
Set a timer for 1 hour
Set a timer for me
Set a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM
Set air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set an alarm for 8 AM
Set an alarm for 8 AM tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for 8 o'clock in the morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 AM Monday morning
Set an alarm for 8:30 tomorrow morning
Set an alarm for Monday 8 o'clock
Set aside the cut outs for another use.
Set attainable goals and work towards their achievement.
Set room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 30 degrees Celsius
Set room heating to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioner to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioner to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the air conditioning to 18 degrees Celsius
Set the air conditioning to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater in the room to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the heater to 80 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the heating temperature higher
Set the heating temperature lower
Set the room heater to 30 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature higher
Set the room temperature lower
Set the room temperature to 23 degrees Celsius
Set the room temperature to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Set the room temperature to be one degree lower than now
Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters, nice and fine
Set up a 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a 10 PM alarm for today
Set up a 4 AM wakeup call
Set up a 8 AM alarm for tomorrow
Set up a Monday 10 AM alarm
Set up a Monday 10 AM alert
Set up a Monday 10 PM alarm for me
Set up a daily morning call for 6
Set up a morning call for 7am on Tuesday
Set up a timer
Set up a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes
Set up a timer for me
Set up a wake up call at 8AM
Set up a wakeup alarm for 9:30 AM tomorrow
Set up wakeup alarm for tomorrow morning
Set wake up call for Monday 9AM
Set wakeup call for tomorrow morning at 9 AM
Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more.
Seventh one
Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice
Several Israelis have been injured in those attacks.
Several economic reports are scheduled for publication later this week.
Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers.
Several guitars are also played during the church services.
Severely ill students were immediately transported to the hospital.
Sexual harassment is a broad subject that covers many areas.
Shadow looked surprised, wailed, and trotted after her.
Shall we allow her not to have a bath?
Shallow Inlet has salmon to 1kg being caught on lures.
Shame that it's not them doing the morphing.
Shannon is based out of Charleston, South Carolina.
Share service information
Share the romance you enjoyed when you were first together.
Shares in Australian Mining Investment are in a trading halt.
Sharp division of opinion, too, and strenuous debate.
She abused the office and betrayed the public's trust.
She added that she is a correct, honest woman.
She admits to being there the night of his death
She also believed that cosmetics were very important.
She also had 11 extra-base hits, including five home runs.
She also heads the fellowship in family planning.
She also likes to have guests in her home.
She also owned the studios where they made her show.
She also participates in a fistful of other musical ensembles.
She also ran their MahJong Club for them.
She always became too involved in the stories.
She always used to tell me it had to be her way
She and her attorney made no statement after the hearing.
She and her husband, Keith, chose New York City.
She asked him, seeing Juanita's eyes grow bleak.
She asked hopefully, as she recognized the Scout Service uniform.
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye.
She became one of the most popular girls in school.
She belongs in that fancy atmosphere of expensive restaurants
She bought part of a company that manufactured shirts.
She cackled with mirth, showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth.
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me.
She came back the other day to reassure me.
She can accommodate eight guests in four staterooms.
She can't be here because of a soap opera
She can't even get along with the fawning press.
She can't even think she can get out of this house
She can't get the job she's trained for and it pisses her off
She can't say it's not meant to be
She cites historical cases that still speak to us.
She clearly agreed that this had been the case.
She collapsed against me, as if everything inside her snapped.
She continued to say that Challenger joined them.
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.
She could do no wrong at the tables that time.
She could of won if I didn't pull her out of the contest
She could persuade people to help her cause.
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable.
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude.
She decided that she needed a manager to help her.
She declined to say what services were performed.
She didn't even give me a chance to refuse.
She didn't just have great songs and a great voice.
She didn't tell anyone, even her mother, what was wrong.
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done.
She ditched the relaxer, went natural and never looked back.
She doesn't know about us getting married yet
She dropped her head on her arms on the counter.
She emailed me yesterday this is where we should meet her
She enjoyed hunting, camping, fishing and anything being outdoors.
She explains, "If you're not determined it will never work."
She felt angrily for words to explain the uselessness of attendants
She found a college that would meet her needs.
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons.
She gave Jim a quick, shape-up look of warning.
She gave herself a title, Lady Diana Harrington.
She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard.
She got called up last minute to anchor the 11 o'clock news
She got so drunk I had to take her home.
She got to her feet, staggered, and almost fell.
She graduated from Dixie in Humanities with an Associate's Degree.
She grew up in Belgrade where she attended school.
She had 15 points and 27 boards, offensive and defensive.
She had a little too much to drink, that's all
She had been in Japan just one week.
She had been one of the first to collect her wits.
She had been sent to the wrong place for duty.
She had been studying for three hours before they started the test
She had been the acting director since Nixon took office.
She had caught the implication of the oath.
She had cried a little because she was frightened.
She had had to fight for everything in her life.
She had hated the whole idea before they started.
She had it all planned out, how she'd do.
She had left the party early, pleading a headache.
She had never been here at this hour.
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed.
She had raised a calf, grown it beef-fat.
She had real conversations with the people that she interviewed.
She had seen it elude her twice before.
She had to do it for her children.
She had to return to the fashion business.
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree.
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor.
She had visible cuts, marks and broken dentures.
She had, she said, heard that the plant was closing.
She has a boyfriend, too - David Cruz.
She has her life back, and it shows.
She has no idea that Ted thinks she's a hooker
She has really opened a new field in sociology.
She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
She has success in the fashion business, too.
She has to have at least one car herself.
She has traveled four hours by boat to get here.
She has two children and two school-aged grandchildren.
She has work and she is a success.
She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns
She hopes to be a physician's assistant specializing in cardiology.
She indicated a spot a little distance away.
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot.
She is a really cool girl when you get to know her
She is also remembered by other Japanese businesswomen.
She is also survived by one grandchild and one great-grandchild.
She is frivolous and scatterbrained, but she really isn't shallow.
She is here with her husband, Tom Bruno.
She is strong and doesn't wallow in self-pity.
She isn't the only one searching for answers.
She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image
She just doesn't understand how I would know somebody like you
She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day
She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion.
She knows no one you know and you will never see her again
She leans on her mom, a mom she never knew.
She led me into a twisting side alley.
She left at six AM yesterday with her husband
She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette.
She loved animals and enjoyed hiking and fishing.
She loves music, fashion, playing with dolls and snack time.
She made a face at him and then she laughed.
She might have been someone he had once loved.
She might like to take him to St. Peter's.
She might now have taken it away again.
She must have put his clothes in the closet.
She must have seen the ring on my left hand.
She never gave any indication where she might go, before she left?
She never hid the fact that she liked to play.
She never said a word about the fifty dollars.
She only scored sixty-one on a quiz
She opened her home and cabin to many kids.
She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed!
She picked up a bouquet proving she had corporeal form
She plans to coach another AAU team this spring.
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air.
She ran from a little group of us.
She received facial injuries and required hospital treatment.
She remembered kissing on the couch and kissing standing up.
She reminds me a little bit of you ..
She resolved to stop coming to see him.
She retired from Memorial Hospital as housekeeping supervisor.
She runs her fingers through his moist hair.
She said a more aggressive move wasn't needed.
She said he used to be over at Loma Vista
She said it's the worst year she's ever seen.
She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward.
She said she would be a good commander-in-chief.
She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake
She said she'd like to see the knights of the poorly-constructed round table
She said to herself, abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds.
She said what she meant and let it be.
She sat down and waited for police to arrive.
She sat down at the table, shaking her head.
She sat quietly, staring at me from the wide eyes.
She says dingoes are naturals for the outdoor job,
She says stories like that keep her going.
She says the worst hand habit is picking at cuticles.
She seemed overly tall, her brow knitted in concern.
She seems like she might be into me
She served one four-year term on the national committee.
She showed us what had happened to her.
She sidled along the booths one step at a time.
She signed a lease on the new location in June.
She sings in English, too, but the music is Latin.
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away.
She sought Kate out upstairs, her lips trembling.
She spoke about who the group members were.
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air.
She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom.
She started looking around for something to keep her busy.
She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me
She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
She then forgot to pick up the phone.
She thinks you should get married and have children of your own
She thought as warm, drizzling rain touched her face.
She tilted up and drank, and then I drank.
She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house!
She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors
She took his rucksack, and led him to the camp.
She treasured the moments spent with her family and friends.
She turned and began to walk toward the house.
She turned and put her arms around his neck.
She turned on her side, finding the idea oppressive.
She turns and walks away toward the church, slowly, her head bowed
She understands policy development and community-wide implications for enrichment.
She understood sex anyway, and played at it well.
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission.
She used this control to surprise everybody again.
She used to view weights as something for men.
She waits till she's dead to tell us all this
She wanted her ashes to be thrown over Roseman Bridge
She wanted me to drive her home so I drove her home
She wanted me to wait down here until you got home
She wanted the police to notice him, suspect him.
She wanted to hang around while I was eating.
She wants to know, sir, do you like your hair
She wants two kids, a boy and a girl
She was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive.
She was a clever girl, a most efficient secretary.
She was a member of Faith Valley Holiness Church.
She was a nymphomaniac, of course, the poor girl.
She was also stone deaf in her right ear.
She was always interested in what people said.
She was breathing quietly as if in a heavy sleep
She was glad the fat man had left.
She was going up and he was going down.
She was his goal, she was his reason.
She was holding on to his rock with one hand.
She was in the middle of a heated argument with her dad
She was just not able to break the spell.
She was just trying to get information out of me
She was like charcoal, he thought -- dark, opaque, explosive.
She was listening to other voices, out of the future.
She was making fourteen sweaters a day, almost single-handed.
She was married to him for better or for worse.
She was no schoolgirl, refusing to bear tales.
She was not a girl, he could see.
She was not asleep but she was trying to sleep
She was now enjoying the voyage very much.
She was number one a couple of months ago.
She was only seven points behind the last qualifier.
She was only ten months older than he.
She was part of the Flower Children movement.
She was preceded in death by seven brothers.
She was rested and could mount a charge.
She was retired from the State of Arkansas.
She was selected for the Twin State All-Star Senior Game.
She was sitting across from a couple of bridesmaids
She was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
She was standing with her back to the glass door.
She was taught to love the life of others, but not her own
She was the daughter of the local gang boss.
She was the kindest, sweetest girl you'd ever want to meet
She was the last living of the older generation.
She was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
She was, however, a loving wife, mother and grandmother.
She wasn't going to wait to find out.
She went in to get evidence, and she came out with it
She went into the park and got turned around and didn't know her way out
She went to California, to Los Angeles. she wanted to start over
She will emphasize choice and care of plant material.
She will never find her way back and there she is
She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat.
She wished to change much for the children here.
She won the event with a time of 14.87 seconds.
She wondered, with a baffled feeling of helplessness.
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt.
She would be among the elite of her kind.
She would if she heard my voice on the phone
She would've had to have a key, anyway, to lock the deadbolt behind her
She wouldn't be the first one in that cast with problems
She wouldn't have, even if he'd asked her.
She'd also remember if the groom died later.
She'd have gotten him, if I hadn't stopped her.
She'll be living with Cary and I in Beverly Hills
She'll be waiting for you there along with your split
She'll call the cops, they'll be here before I get unpacked
She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
She'll relish the sight of a friendly face.
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings.
She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality
She's a year older than I am, Lucy told herself.
She's all I think about, and I've learned to live with that
She's always been there for me, he said.
She's been doing it all week, she can do it now!
She's gonna end up on a milk carton and that's about it
She's gonna teach me how to do a rain dance
She's got some model agency guy coming to dinner tomorrow night
She's got the same complaint as half the Goddamn population
She's hot happy, but I just don't think she's that mean
She's into sports, but not so much so that her legs are, like, more muscular than mine
She's not allowed to date until her older sister does
She's not going to get away with it.
She's not sure of what to do next.
She's sacrificed so much to be in this relationship with me
She's telling the truth or at least she thinks she is
She's terrific, but I have to break up with her
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
Sheep deaths rose from six in 1,000 to eight.
Sheer curtains need to be opened
Shore, H.M. Chadwick, Thomas Hodgkin and F. G. Beck.
Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate.
Shortly after, Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas.
Shot down on his own porch there in Dallas
Should I communicate my arrival time with the front desk?
Should I give them my keys during checkout?
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored?
Should I tell him the truth about Alice?
Should he go on, or wait, he wondered.
Should she disagree, she explains why in detail.
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us?
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education?
Should we forget about dinner and go with them instead?
Should we not attack pollution first then carbon emissions?
Shouldering the load he peered from the door.
Show YouTube clips about activities in Korea
Show YouTube videos related to Korean culture
Show check-in details
Show check-in details for the hotel
Show check-in for hotel reservation
Show check-in information for the hotel
Show check-in time
Show check-in time for my hotel reservation
Show check-in time for the hotel
Show check-out details
Show check-out details for the hotel
Show check-out for hotel reservation
Show check-out information for the hotel
Show check-out time
Show check-out time for the hotel
Show details about the hotels
Show details for check-in
Show details for check-out
Show details for hotel check-in
Show dining options for hotel
Show facility information
Show front desk number
Show hotel check-in details
Show hotel check-in information
Show hotel check-in time
Show hotel check-out details
Show hotel check-out information
Show hotel check-out time
Show hotel details on check-in
Show hotel details on check-out
Show hotel dining information
Show hotel facilities
Show hotel facility information
Show hotel information on check-in
Show hotel information on check-out
Show hotel introduction
Show in-room dining options
Show information about gym
Show information about sauna
Show information about swimming pool
Show information for hotel check-in
Show list of all hotel amenities
Show me YouTube videos on Korean culture activities
Show me a list of all amenities
Show me a list of the hotel's spa packages, their duration, and the prices
Show me a list of the performances going on tomorrow at the LG Arts Center?
Show me about check-in
Show me about check-out
Show me all hotel facilities
Show me all hotel services
Show me amenities
Show me check-in details
Show me check-in details for the hotel
Show me check-in information
Show me check-in time
Show me check-out details
Show me check-out details for the hotel
Show me check-out information
Show me check-out time
Show me curtain status
Show me details about the hotel
Show me details on check-in
Show me details on check-out
Show me details on the hotel check-out
Show me dining information of the hotel
Show me emergency telephone numbers around the world
Show me facility information
Show me front number
Show me gym hours
Show me home display
Show me home screen
Show me hotel details for check-in
Show me hotel details for check-out
Show me hotel facilities
Show me hotel facility information
Show me hours for the hotel gym
Show me hours for the hotel sauna
Show me hours for the hotel swimming pool
Show me how much time is left
Show me how to exit out of the main menu
Show me how to lower the temperature of the room by 3 degrees
Show me in-room dining options
Show me information about gym
Show me information about sauna
Show me information about swimming pool
Show me information about the hotel
Show me information on check-in
Show me information on check-out
Show me main display
Show me more about hotel's dining information
Show me more information about the hotel gym
Show me more information about the hotel sauna
Show me more information about the hotel swimming pool
Show me options for room dining
Show me options for room service
Show me room information
Show me sauna hours
Show me sauna information
Show me some information about the room
Show me some of the new equipments found at the gym
Show me status of the curtains
Show me status of the room darkening curtain, now
Show me swimming pool hours
Show me swimming pool information
Show me the air conditioning status
Show me the alarm
Show me the alarm app
Show me the alarm display
Show me the alarm function
Show me the alarm menu
Show me the alarm window
Show me the check-in time
Show me the check-out time
Show me the concierge
Show me the concierge on screen
Show me the concierge screen
Show me the current room temperature
Show me the different temperatures of the sauna
Show me the help page
Show me the help screen
Show me the help window
Show me the hotel's amenities
Show me the laundry price list
Show me the number of the front desk
Show me the room temperature
Show me the sheer curtain status
Show me the status of the room heating
Show me the status of the sheer curtains
Show me the status on air conditioner
Show me the timer screen
Show me the weather for this area
Show me the weather for today
Show me the wifi network I can use
Show me the wifi password for the room
Show me this hotel's facilities
Show me time for hotel check-in
Show me today's weather
Show me tomorrow morning's weather
Show me weather at 8PM
Show me what options are available for in-room dining
Show me what options are available for room dining
Show me what options are available for room service
Show me what time check-in is
Show me what time check-out is
Show me what time the hotel check-in is
Show me what time the hotel check-out is
Show me wifi password
Show more about hotel facilities
Show more information on this hotel
Show now, dining information of the hotel
Show options for room dining
Show options for room service
Show room information
Show room status
Show sauna information
Show status of current temperature of room
Show status of room's air conditioner
Show status of the room
Show swimming pool information
Show that there's some common ground between Black and White
Show the alarm display
Show the alarm menu
Show the alarm page
Show the check-in information
Show the check-in time
Show the check-out information
Show the check-out time
Show the temperature of the room
Show time for hotel check-in
Show time for hotel check-out
Show time to check-out
Show what options are available for in-room dining
Show what options are available for room dining
Show what options are available for room service
Show what time check-in is
Show what time check-out is
Show when to check-in
Show wifi
Show wifi password
Show wifi password for the room
Shrugs met that, from room clerks, from bellhops.
Shut down alarm
Shut down the alarm
Shut down the alarm app
Shut down the alarm screen
Shut down the alarm window
Shut off alarm
Shut off the alarm
Shut off the alarm display
Shut off the alarm screen
Shut off the help page
Shut off the screen with the hotel introduction, immediately
Shut off the screen with the hotel introduction, immediately.
Shut off the sheer curtains in the room
Shut off the timer
Shut the curtains in the room
Shutdown timer app
Sighing, Leona dropped the paper and stood up.
Silicon Valley is the home of the world's computer industry.
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia.
Similar renewed interest has been shown by sheep breeders.
Similar species gave Gordon McGee second place with 9lbs 12ozs.
Similarly, a neighbor began keeping bee colonies on the farm.
Simmer about 10 minutes, and keep warm for serving.
Simply denying the problem, however, didn't persuade Supervisor Brian Ross.
Simply enough, through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law.
Simply get out when they slide the van open and walk to me
Since January, they have performed at a dozen Arkansas churches.
Since Tuesday, the shares have gained nearly 4%.
Since it's such a nice day, can we open the curtains?
Since the course, one member has lost her husband.
Since then, she has not attended court proceedings.
Since then, the couple has been planning a summer wedding.
Since there are two of them, we're going to set two plans in motion
Singapore is already extending its developmental expertise to Bangladesh.
Sir I ain't at liberty to give out no information about our residents
Sir, I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately
Sit completely still with both hands on the wheel, until they get here
Site work is slated to begin later this year.
Sites that involve citizens are getting excellent traffic flow.
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.
Six hours ago this guy was walking his dog or buying a quart of milk
Six months, maybe five, do you wanna check that?
Six of these were proposed by religious groups.
Six rooms and two baths and a blue room
Sixteen of its rooms are shaped as trapezoids.
Sixteen wine glasses to room 25
Sixteenth one
Sixth one
Sizes needed are 4T through 14, new or used.
Skaters would fall, fly-off, or hang on for dear life.
Sloan had no children and no interests outside work.
Sloan knew he had to make some tough decisions.
Sloan thought that fact-finding trips were very important.
Slow it down, slow it down, whatever it is, we'll figure it out
Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks!
Slowly she turned to face the men again.
Slowly, cutting steps in the snow, they climbed on.
Small rooms, probably for cards, opened off on either side.
Small town on the Eastern side no one's ever heard of called Bari
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly.
Smaller, quicker competitors would put Microsoft out of business.
Smart people have a long term projects plan.
Smoking, high blood pressure, and high level of cholesterol in the blood
Snakes are beneficial as they feed on rodents.
So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen
So I have to have a motive to be with you?
So I rushed out to make the train, which is now 45 minutes late
So I spent my nights reading, painting, setting the high score on Super Bomberman
So I started making some calls of my own.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with
So I thought we could borrow this altar for a minute
So I'm just going to wait for her to come to me
So I'm not sure if this part is actually true
So Linda Kay gave up asking, and accepted her reprieve.
So Odell went on alone, up to Camp 6.
So Steve picked LeeRoy Brown to keep him company.
So Tropical Storm Willie is gonna be with us at least until Monday
So a judge is making me do this, but I'm still doing it
So all this space is good, we convinced ourselves.
So am I.  Alright, I'll go inside and you cover the back
So arm yourself, follow the law as written.
So despite everything all has now been resolved, right?
So did they reach the summit, before they died?
So don't take it personally, she's just a little stressed
So don't tell her I told you, but she's very vulnerable right now
So far, no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision.
So far, our seasonal precipitation has been 50-75% of normal.
So far, the covers have never been off the boxes.
So far, the dating has not matched the Bible story.
So he must hate him the most of all now
So he'll learn to fear punishment
So how can companies succeed in this kind of game?
So how can we deal with these changes?
So how did the Jaguars respond to the loss?
So how do we know that car's still in Fair Oaks?
So if I ran now, there's no way I'd beat you, is there?
So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?
So if you wanna swing by, you know, it's casual
So is everyone who is born of the Spirit.
So it's a good opportunity to go to that issue.
So it's not a question of getting it right.
So it's rating of 2 on 5 for Ra.
So let's be clear on a couple of things first.
So many of them, I still can't believe they're real
So many people worried over these little guys.
So many young girls got defiled in this room.
So much pressure lately, you feel like going for a drink?
So my ways of sneaking and leaking are zero.
So now four porters were alone at Camp 4.
So now they're in our GIS like that.
So please let him think as he does, that you're home just to see him
So she abruptly changed the venue for her sex party.
So something like this matters more than it would at home.
So tell her to settle for the old one in Orange County
So the clothes business was the obvious choice for her.
So the message is, I should treat every woman like a whore?
So the only way you're allowed to hook up with her is if you marry her
So the results are subject to considerable confusion.
So the tap water to me tastes like home.
So the thing that always screws it up is the next day
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey.
So the way you see it, two crack heads burned themselves up?
So there is no real argument about targets.
So there we were talking around and about it.
So they parted when she was in an impatient humor.
So tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand, that clear pal?
So usually, by the end, I'm saying 'I hate clay!'
So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity.
So we should get some credit for this.
So we talked about it and we decided to take this one slow
So we were going to wait till she went to Europe
So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas?
So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her
So what's the story with the two cheerleaders over here?
So what's this big, beautiful, romantic gesture?
So why are they watching a man who knows nothing?
So why not apply that mindset to the outdoors?
So with your best interests in mind, I implore you.
So would she mind speaking a little louder?
So you are deeply rooted in the Eagle Rock Community.
So you do have an agreement with the United States Government, Mr. Jung, correct?
So you got to admit, The 88 are rocking our song
So you just go ahead and think who you want
So you see, we have totally different ideas of what's stupid and what's not
So you thought I didn't mean what I said.
So you're saying you would forbid me from going
So, I got you a date for the evening
So, I guess that makes you my best friend, too
So, I was forced to go for the immoral means.
So, I'm just gonna hang it right here on the wall
So, I'm just gonna keep it right here, if that's cool
So, I'm really excited about tomorrow, okay, bye
So, a week went by and I decided not to call her
So, before they left, they decided to bury his body.
So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing
So, how about tonight we just stick with the drum roll
So, how do we get in touch with the bridesmaids?
So, if you notice progress in your life, celebrate it.
So, in reality, you and I are in the same business!
So, is this how we're deciding who gets the apartment?
So, it turned out Uncle Tom really was the jealous type
So, it's over between me and works with Carlos Girl
So, she was already blessed with a flying rabbit.
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving
So, then I said, your motorcycle was like that when I got here
So, there is a complicity that goes beyond one individual.
So, we just went about our business and stopped asking.
So, we've got the whole place to ourselves
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
So, where'd we land on the whole plus one thing?
So, why are builders still continuing to push this segment?
So, yes, I know this isn't gonna work
So, you are going to build a doll house with no windows and no doors?
So, you are wanting to sell the cocaine for me in your country, George?
So, you just gave me your number, and your name is Amy
So, you stay with me until you find your David and live happily ever after
Socialism, I grant, has a definite place in our society.
Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets, leaving the world and it's problems behind
Soft power, however, hasn't deterred North Korean missile tests.
Soft touch materials on the dash add an upscale touch.
Softball and Volleyball might be heading for another dry spell.
Soften cream cheese and mix sugar and vanilla.
Soil health is the capacity of a soil to function.
Soils are considered a basic building block for organic production.
Solar supporters call rate hikes a blow to the industry.
Solid concrete blocks, relatively heavy and dense, are used for this shelter.
Some are used in paints along with drying oils.
Some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register.
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose.
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this.
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending.
Some elements support the others, but all have limitations.
Some experts say markets aren't as volatile as widely assumed.
Some good fan support will help get us through.
Some guy is expecting to marry this woman on Saturday
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments.
Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation.
Some library boards are wary of the plan.
Some men never get to feel that way about anything
Some new home owners bear testimony to this.
Some odor made him lean over the man.
Some of the pieces in your collection here are very impressive
Some of the rest of the party are more hopeful
Some of the world's happiest marriage have started
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive.
Some of them came from people who identified themselves.
Some of them were warts until they got promoted.
Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4.
Some of those senators aren't there anymore, are gone.
Some of us citizens are with you all the way, Officer
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too.
Some people are okay, but mostly I feel like poisoning everybody
Some people call this a hunch, or an intuition.
Some people do not even pay real estate taxes.
Some people think that's a problem, but why?
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless.
Some people's houses are just on the ground.
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational.
Some pleasant fall cruising country is mapped out below.
Some porn chicks are putting in breast implants bigger than your head, literally
Some preferred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York.
Some special health requirements might have to be met.
Some stupid kid got panicky, takes the safety off and it's over
Some that could influence life down the road.
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak.
Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance.
Some will be in different rooms in your house.
Some women get a real thrill out of housework.
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone.
Somebody's out there spending 900 million dollars a year on phone sex
Somehow I don't think he stabbed himself in the chest, then buried himself too
Somehow I got along better with you on the phone
Somehow Winston didn't think she'd take to window boxes.
Somehow he came by the money to commission the Pearl
Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name.
Somehow it came up that you were a friend of mine
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason.
Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire.
Someone needs to be transported to the hospital
Someone wants it. You can't stop it, can you?
Someone would have to remain in the office continually.
Something for you and me to talk about and think about
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped.
Something is aggravating my allergies so can you please air my sheets?
Something is wrong with the coffee machine
Something like that is not possible in any other shooter.
Something that appeals to the best in each and every one of us
Something to make the angels weep, and the Saints to gasp for air
Something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists.
Sometimes I go to the Lincoln Room at the White House and just pray
Sometimes I just guzzle some orange juice and power through.
Sometimes I think I act so weird because I'm crazy from frustration
Sometimes I wake up and I can't sleep, not without a drink
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear.
Sometimes even three deep breaths can change everything
Sometimes in life we are called to do great things
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run
Sometimes parents don't even realize that their children are obese.
Sometimes people who live in the woods don't want to be seen
Sometimes she is a dancer or a movie star.
Sometimes she worked as an artist's model or a dancer.
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship.
Sometimes the climbers heard ice moving far below them.
Sometimes traders lose sight of that, he says.
Sometimes when the marshes are sampled, the changes are slight.
Sometimes, a reporter is humbled by what happens next.
Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline.
Sometimes, as at this juncture, he did not.
Sometimes, even when you know something's a mistake, you gotta make it, anyway
Sometimes, he coincided with my father's being at home.
Sometimes, though, they did not seem quite human.
Somewhere far above him, Irvine is injured too.
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light.
Songs like "Closer," "Crawl" and "Revelry" did just that.
Soon afterward, the company also bought its first outside brand.
Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine
Soon she was writing and recording her own songs.
Soon the company had shops in over forty countries.
Soon the office work claimed all her time.
Soon to follow were tailors, blacksmiths and wheelwrights.
Soon, she was making ambitious plans for the future.
Sooner or later, these guys are going to cut us out
Sorry but hair style or not, window will be open.
Sorry don't have a receipt to prove it.
Sorry that you and your tennis pals torched this guy who's now after me
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem
Sorry, I actually do not need my car at this time
Sorry, I could tell what you were just thinking
Sorry, I didn't think we were making that much noise
Sound like a busy job you've got there.
Sounds impossible -- unless you have a time machine.
Sounds like a bad idea to me, probably just get in the way
Sounds like a healthy way to deal with your problems
Sounds like a pretty dangerous woman to me!
Sounds like a pretty straightforward and expected process to me.
Sounds like they were routing a payroll, for all the heart they put in it
Sounds like you've had a pretty tough go of it with men
Sounds of the girls playing rounders came up from the garden
Soup is often the important dish at supper.
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages.
Spay and neutering is the responsible option, Owen said.
Speaking of misery, she drank herself to sleep again
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed.
Specific dates would be important, as would double names.
Spokeswoman Pam McMillan says the study backs up anecdotal evidence.
Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.
Sport promotes health, provides social contacts and contributes to self-development.
Spread the batter onto the paper in the pan.
Spring is the most exalted season for Chinese tea.
Sprinkle cake mix evenly over top of peaches.
Sprinkle with cracked pepper and salt, if desired.
Squatting out there at the Holiday Inn like a couple of vultures
St. Peter was impressed, 'When did this happen?'
St. Thomas Aquinas Academy hosted Lena Thursday night.
Stacked heels are also popular on dressy or tailored shoes.
Staff writer Lauren Williams contributed to this report.
Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains.
Stare in the face of failure and risk success.
Starr was going to throw the ball extensively.
Start a timer
Start a timer for 1 hour 30 minutes 15 seconds
Start a timer for me
Start on the knees in a large circle.
Start the wash wheel and note the time.
Started my first cycle of treatment July 2nd.
Starting compensation for this position is $25 per hour, DOE.
State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways.
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California, Arizona and Nevada.
Status of the room temperature
Stay here for another night, please
Stay in close and we'll go up the valley.
Stay with me, it's gonna come to me
Stayed all day in that room thinking every noise was you
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
Stephen turned away from her and left the room.
Steve's weak, immoral and a liar but he's still a real nice guy
Steven Adams misses a jump shot from 5 feet out.
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds.
Stewart, would you mind telling me why you're not going?
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank, ham fashion.
Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there.
Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune.
Still, Sam, of course, got muddy and cold.
Still, he granted her the highest compliment he accorded any woman
Still, the potential for AI seems almost limitless.
Stir constantly over low heat, until the custard is thick.
Stir cornstarch, boiling water, sugar and salt until it thickens.
Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value.
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes.
Stop alarm now
Stop by the laboratory on your way out and have the nurse draw your blood
Stop countdown
Stop everything right now, go out and get this book.
Stop looking at options for food now
Stop the alarm
Stop the timer
Stop timer app
Stop trying to be funny, and get ready, will you?
Stop trying to chase down some magical, perfect New Year's, Ted
Storefront had previously raised $1.6 million in seed funding.
Storing valuables at the gym is a pressing problem.
Story hour includes a themed activity, story, craft and snack.
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months.
Strangely enough, this always brought the house down.
Strawberry prices could fall dramatically later this year.
Streets run in circles, and turn corners, like Stanley.
Strength began to zip up and down his chest.
Strip 'em, expose the ends, try blue first, blue is phones!
Stuart, you don't have to be one or the other
Students must reapply for Maverick Promise funding annually.
Students with U-passes can ride the E-Line for free.
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections.
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system.
Subgroups of various types, interconnected by relational norms.
Subject to State Route No. 57 right of way.
Submissions on the draft regulations close next week.
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence.
Success, of course, depends on all of these things.
Successful gardens must have easy access to irrigation.
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours.
Such a program is more demagogic than practical.
Such concerns should guide any consideration of the question.
Such criticism can potentially harm the industry, he said.
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer, corporations cannot.
Such is the field for exercising our reverence.
Such pets are no longer allowed in Antarctica.
Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management.
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically.
Such violence is fortunately a thing of the past.
Such was not the case in Rhode Island.
Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella.
Suddenly one young voice rose above the others.
Suddenly there she was without any clothes on
Suddenly, however, their posture changed and the game ended.
Suffering is never good, but it is relative.
Suffice it to say that the usefulness of the latter apportionment is questionable.
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly.
Sun also reported a record backlog of orders.
Superheroes teach girls that it's okay to be different.
Supermarkets are usually open from 5AM to midnight
Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports.
Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
Support for Hitler grew as Germany's problems got worse.
Suppose he did lie beside Lenin, would it be permanent?
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether?
Suppose her wedding ring was among the jewelry he has in the handbag
Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that?
Sure I'm insane, but I've got some good news for you
Sure, I'll give you a shot at it, but Ganz is mine
Sure, look in my closet, take any dress you want!
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace.
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle?
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.
Surely, you know the rest of the story.
Surf's up, Jack, and you're digging wells in the snow
Surprisingly, he had told the others what he had done.
Surrounded by ancient elms, the campus is spacious and beautiful.
Survivors include his sister, Mrs. Emma B. Odom of Atlanta.
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door.
Susan, a woman's desire for sex is very complex.
Suspicions maybe, but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction
Switch off air conditioner for the room
Switch off heating for the room
Switch off in-room dining screen
Switch off room dining screen
Switch off room service screen
Switch off the air conditioner
Switch off the heating
Switch on air conditioner for the room
Switch on heating for the room
Switch on the air conditioner
Switch on the heating
Switch the mode so that the air conditioner is off
Switch the time for the wake up call
Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman.
Systems that process computer deals uncover fraud or unusual use.
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo's victims.
THE streets of France have been subdued this summer.
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution.
TV option, that's a dollar twenty, makes nine eighty six plus tax
TWA eight hundred, center I think that was him.
Tajikistan is now a full-fledged member of international community.
Take me to the help page
Take our quiz below to test your knowledge.
Take special care on residential streets, especially after dark.
Take the others to the water tower for the night
Take this crowd in there and give them a drink
Take this shit back to Detroit and get the rest of our money
Take, for example, the reformers among New York City's Democrats.
Taken together, the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks.
Taking back power means giving parliament a vote.
Taking first things first, let's understand the sport called gymnastics.
Talking about coffee and cream, you better buy some milk also
Tanzanian Royalty is a gold company focused on Tanzania.
Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on.
Tartuffe is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife.
Tax-wise Australia is the same, but what about social security?
Taylor had to leave and find a future somewhere else.
Taylor saw only one solution; they had to leave.
Taylor's solution was simply to reduce his amount of sleep.
Teach me how to control the temperature of this room
Teachers must have the necessary qualifications, the basics.
Technically it was fascinating, aurally spell-binding, and dramatically quite realistic.
Ted, she is going on that camping trip
Tell 'em what you like; they'll never understand it anyway
Tell Sam not to worry about the car.
Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her.
Tell her I can't wait to meet her in person
Tell her to come here to the hotel.
Tell her you're fine and that she can join you in this car
Tell him we are leaving men here to build a fort
Tell me about check-out
Tell me about room darkening curtains
Tell me about room status
Tell me about sheer curtains
Tell me about status of the room
Tell me about the day you got off the train
Tell me about the dry and wet sauna rooms
Tell me about the interesting people you met, won't you?
Tell me about this hotel's check-in policy
Tell me all about yourself, your roots, your personal life, your childhood dreams
Tell me all of the hotel spa's packages exclusively for couples
Tell me check-in details
Tell me check-in details for the hotel
Tell me check-in for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-in for my reservation
Tell me check-in time
Tell me check-out details
Tell me check-out details for the hotel
Tell me check-out for my hotel reservation
Tell me check-out for my reservation
Tell me check-out time
Tell me details about check-in
Tell me details about check-out
Tell me details about hotel check-in
Tell me details about hotel check-out
Tell me dining information of the hotel
Tell me facility information
Tell me front number
Tell me gym hours
Tell me gym information
Tell me hotel dining information
Tell me hotel facility information
Tell me hotel facility information, now
Tell me hotel reservation check-in time
Tell me hotel reservation check-out time
Tell me if I set up a wakeup call
Tell me information about gym
Tell me information about sauna
Tell me information about the gym on the screen
Tell me information on check-in
Tell me information on check-out
Tell me more about check-in
Tell me more about check-out
Tell me more about hotel's dining information
Tell me more about the hotel gym
Tell me more about the hotel sauna
Tell me more about the hotel swimming pool
Tell me more information about check-in
Tell me more information about check-out
Tell me more information about hotel check-in
Tell me more information about hotel check-out
Tell me more information on hotel facilities
Tell me sauna hours
Tell me sauna information
Tell me sauna information on screen
Tell me some information on air conditioning
Tell me some more of the secrets you and Christian shared
Tell me someplace you've been, someplace on the other side of the world
Tell me something, honestly, you ever have second thoughts about us?
Tell me swimming pool hours
Tell me swimming pool information
Tell me swimming pool information on screen
Tell me the current room temperature
Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind
Tell me the front desk number
Tell me the hotel check-in hours
Tell me the operating hours of the hotel gym
Tell me the password for the current wifi
Tell me the room temperature
Tell me the status of the air conditioner
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain
Tell me the status of the room darkening curtain?
Tell me the status of the room heating
Tell me the status of the sheer curtains
Tell me the temperature of the room
Tell me the time for hotel check-in
Tell me the time for hotel check-out
Tell me the weather for today
Tell me the weather forecast
Tell me the weather forecast for this afternoon
Tell me the wifi password
Tell me the wifi password for the room
Tell me today's weather
Tell me today's weather forecast
Tell me what I need to do to check out of this hotel
Tell me what options are available for in-room dining
Tell me what options are available for room dining
Tell me what options are available for room service
Tell me what the weather will be like on Tuesday
Tell me what time check-in is
Tell me what time check-out is
Tell me what time the hotel check-in is
Tell me what time the hotel check-out is
Tell me when 30 minutes have passed
Tell me when 30 minutes pass
Tell me when check-in is
Tell me when check-out is
Tell me which brand of yoga mats FITNESS uses so that I can buy one
Tell me which wifi network I can use
Tell me, what's going to happen when we get to Venice?
Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request
Tell the front desk I want ninety wine glasses
Tell the front desk I want three wine glasses
Tell the front desk that I need amenities
Tell the front desk that I need new linens
Tell the front desk that I need room cleaning
Tell the truth, I was going to take a much needed leak
Tell them the truth or something before they come here.
Tell us a little more about yourself as an artist.
Tell your guys not to block the plate.
Temperature of room needs to be brought up by one degree
Temperature of room needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the air conditioning needs to lower by one degree
Temperature of the heating needs to be brought up by one degree
Temperature of the heating needs to lower by one degree
Ten thousand meters above the United States of America, 1998
Ten thousand more were employed in businesses connected to Benetton.
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
Ten years you carried that pistol, and you end up wasting your shot
Tenements, stores, saloons, some gambling, I hope not too much.
Tenth one
Terminate main screen
Terminate the alarm
Terminate the alarm app
Terminate the alarm menu
Terminate the alarm page
Terminate the alarm screen
Terminate the alarm window
Terminate the concierge app
Terminate the concierge screen
Terminate the help page
Terminate timer
Terminate timer app
Terminate timer screen
Terra Toys in North Austin was another business that participated.
Terrance Watkins added 14 more points for Laurel.
Terrorism is a beginning but afterward, all the people must act
Test results and bills reach you in simple, understandable language.
Thailand is not a party to this agreement.
Thank you for letting me do that on yours.
Thank you for the information regarding the hotel gym. 
Thank you so much for the delicious cookies
Thanks for letting me in on as much as you did
Thanks for not calling me and good night
Thanks for sharing details regarding the sauna hours. I don't need the information anymore
Thanks for sharing hotel dining information but I don't need it anymore
Thanks for showing me the menu, I'm not interested anymore
Thanks for updating me on the room condition, I'm finished
Thanks for your consideration on this important matter.
Thanks once more for this piece of content.
Thanks to the low prices you can afford more.
Thanks to them, we went the extra mile in performance.
Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking?
Thanksgiving doesn't sound so appealing anymore, she said.
Thanksgiving in New York is a wonderful time
That Foley looks like he's been through a war or two
That alligator bag his wife had on is very expensive
That at last the vigilance, the will gives way?
That ball is moving all over the place.
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low.
That building could be used for other purposes.
That cold, empty sky was full of fire and light.
That comfort is nebulous to define but essential to tackle.
That compares with 77 hours at traditional broadband speeds.
That decision proved to be almost fatal to him.
That definitely fueled the fire for his senior year.
That dilemma is as much with us as ever.
That doesn't apply to me because I'm not a criminal
That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day
That explanation is contradicted, however, by the intelligence documents themselves.
That fifty thousand I promised you, I couldn't get it
That first time was good and it stuck with me.
That game where a bunch of paddies whack sticks at each other?
That girl last night, what was her name?
That girl you used to go out with, Penelope
That guy is many things but he definitely isn't cool
That he be cremated and his ashes thrown on Roseman Bridge
That he had many good points, there is no doubting.
That house was ten years off his life let himself.
That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it
That is $32 higher than the current harvest price.
That is 26 inches on the imperial scale.
That is a terrible way to break up with someone
That is compared to 220,000 trays across all of Darwin.
That is exactly what I want right now
That is kind of a bad situation then
That is my take on Tuesday's House meeting.
That is not a simple matter, he said.
That is not saying much for my wife
That is not the reason you made us listen to this
That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out.
That is precisely my plan, but back in my tent
That is the kind of people they are.
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century.
That is up eight percentage points on last month.
That is what childhood is, he told himself.
That is what tips the balance and slows the rain.
That is why I cannot provide any details now.
That is, maybe not too much of a lady.
That is, will it serve the long-range public interest?
That just can't be good for business, whatever your politics.
That just means were gonna have to party that much harder
That lousy attitude that got us here in the first place
That made me a little ashamed. But he added, mercilessly:
That makes me sound like a big loser.
That makes the referendum peculiar to say the least.
That man's still sitting around his apartment
That mean there's something more left of you than just that hungry spirit?
That means multiple candidates likely will receive delegates.
That means that McCain has made a fantastic choice.
That money also would have to be borrowed.
That much is clear by the race's staggering, raw statistics.
That mythology leaves his fans devoted to his every word.
That night he went out half a dozen times with the metal suitcase
That night the temperature fell to -29 degrees.
That night they danced on the veranda surrounding the mansion.
That night, I recorded my video and mailed it to Shannon
That night, the temperature fell to -27 degrees.
That northern Texas town is where Larry McMurtry grew up.
That notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view.
That one Belle and Sebastian song she always listened to
That opportunity came at the Arc, and now at AYR.
That process will take about six months to complete.
That question will be answered after next May's elections.
That redneck Johnson left me with a shitty hand and I'm bluffing
That retention rate ranks Connecticut 45th in the country.
That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there
That same look you gave me when I turned the gun on you
That same mentality also applied to race and orientation.
That seems so far away from who you are now
That settled it, and we broke into parties of two and three.
That site is guarded by law enforcement officers.
That some men did not want it he could understand.
That someday, you're real small, and you've got no time
The AC in the room isn't strong enough
The AC is not blowing strong enough
The AC needs to be turned up
The Agriculture Department was to begin mailing checks Tuesday.
The American dream was compounded of many strains.
The American is very lucky if he has three.
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office.
The Art and Cinema Media departments have other concerns.
The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19.
The BOD data are given in Table 4.
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education.
The Benetton network in the Gulf had almost 200 stores.
The Big River Creek fire was discovered Sunday.
The Board reviewed a proposed plan from Sparrow Hawk.
The Bombers wrapped up the tournament against Milan, Tennessee.
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines.
The British, not the Nigerians, removed this contagious plague.
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade.
The CW is leaning hard into the soap genre.
The Cattle Council of Australia is cautiously welcoming the news.
The Chargers linebacker amassed 11 tackles in that game.
The Christmas Cheer Fund is but one powerful example.
The Church expects certain things of those who become members.
The Clinton team declined to comment on their authenticity.
The Coast Guard did not even look at us.
The Cole inquiry has cost almost $10 million so far.
The Colt roared twice and two men dropped, writhing.
The Command post was underground, and well camouflaged.
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler.
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in 1899.
The Cook's knew they would return to Huntington eventually.
The Crown seeking a nine-year sentence for him.
The Crown was expected to wrap its case last night.
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93.
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose.
The Dauntless a first- rate ship-of-line, and with it, you can rule the seas
The District is considering a new parcel tax for November.
The Doctor is a respected man
The Dragons' two-point attempt failed, setting the score at 13-12.
The Ducks led by 44 early in the fourth quarter.
The EIC is the most potent voice in the room.
The Eagles faced two opponents and split the results.
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
The Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language.
The FBI doesn't have a monopoly on agents infiltrating enemy organizations, my friend
The Fed also appears reluctant to ease credit conditions further.
The Federal Government has further extended its drought support package.
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square.
The First World War completely changed European society.
The Flames' power play was scoreless in seven attempts.
The French economy was in a very bad state.
The Gaels committed just one turnover in the first half.
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization.
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first.
The Ghost Ease isn't all shadows, she says.
The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon.
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects.
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 1957.
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit.
The Grill Room at Windsor Court New Orleans.
The Grizzlies seemed to be clicking all across the board.
The Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer.
The Hawks scored two runs in the fourth.
The Hearst dollar mark is all over them.
The High Court's ruling today says it is.
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History.
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase.
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon.
The Indian system is pretty comprehensive and flexible.
The Indianapolis-born musician has always had a passion for performing.
The Indians dominated the Cubs in Game 1, winning 6-0.
The Information Age benefits from having more people involved.
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot.
The Internet is connecting PCs around the world.
The Internet was not always Microsoft's top priority.
The Internet's sudden growth in popularity changed all the rules.
The Iron Chef brand is not without its loyal followers.
The Italian said he was delighted with the performance.
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain.
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S.
The Keewatin Health Board will get a new chair.
The Kleenex box on top of my vanity is nearly empty
The Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak.
The Mariners shot just 9-20 from the free throw line.
The Masons, mother or son, or mother and son?
The May meeting will be our spring activity.
The Mayor of Montreal is on the right track.
The Ministry has sent me here with the most severe instructions
The Most Inspirational Player award went to Travis St. Denis.
The NHL rejected the counter-proposal, bringing negotiations to a halt.
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials.
The Obama administration took too long to act, he said.
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets.
The Opposition says it was their policy five years ago.
The Pantheon's interior, still in its original form, is truly majestic and an architectural triumph.
The Pirates have good hitters throughout their lineup.
The Prescott Valley Youth Chorale also will perform.
The President's personality would have opened that office to him.
The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully.
The Professor brought some strange topics to the class
The Rangers are heading out to the desert this morning
The Ravens won the game, 23-20 in overtime.
The Red Ruby lost power, plunging us into darkness.
The SEC wants the bill cut by a third.
The SampP 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies.
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act.
The Senate voted 14-5 to pass the bill.
The Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions.
The Senegalese President is accompanying 34 member delegation.
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service.
The Slavs have been fighting the Germans and the Russians for a thousand years
The Social Welfare and Development Department has a new secretary.
The South lost the Civil War, but they still seem to get all the glory
The Stars prudently put the Lions into bat first.
The State has some reason to be interested in this man's proposition, Your Eminence
The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago
The Super said he'd seen her before but she didn't live here
The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!
The Toronto school offered alternatives to the family.
The Trump victory will be harder to assess.
The Turtle Creek corridor predates Uptown as an office market.
The U.S. Government pays for all its overseas workers.
The U.S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys.
The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left.
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running.
The UN army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
The UUP have erected a barrier to this.
The United States tax returns are due April 1962.
The Vikings certainly have the pitching to get it done.
The Vikings/Packers game will be played on Christmas Eve.
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev.
The Warriors had an excellent season, but lost 47-35.
The Web connects workers, friends, and families in new ways.
The Web lifestyle is about broadening horizons, not narrowing them.
The Web lifestyle will change the way people shop.
The Wedding Planner is the number one movie of 2001.
The West has no intention of attacking Russia.
The What's Next section at 'The India Story'.
The WiFi in my room has a very low reception signal
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant.
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
The Yukon would be affected if Canada adopted ranked ballots.
The accepted method of writing news has two major liabilities.
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago.
The acting is better than it should be.
The actual moments of contact are vitally important.
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
The adults sat around and told stories, he said.
The advertisement was great, but it was never seen again.
The advice of medical professionals made a difference for 34%.
The age of the moon was about 2 days.
The age where Government does it all is long past.
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired.
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature.
The air condition is irritating my skin, I need a humidifier in the room
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack.
The air feels too dry
The air is making my skin crack
The amenities in this room are enough for me
The analysis should support action and not just more analysis.
The ancient Egyptians ensured that they scared future generations too.
The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves.
The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him.
The announcement was however somewhat thrifty in its detail.
The annual exhibition was hosted by the Chatham-Kent Wildcats.
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount.
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar.
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances.
The answer to both questions is immediately obvious.
The answer was, everybody big with a dumb kid.
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation.
The appeal board, however, unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation.
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve.
The architecture just speaks to me, said Myra.
The area is close to government offices, including ministries.
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer.
The artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side.
The attempt failed : the animal is now dead.
The author of Crystal Structures is Ralph W.G.
The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing.
The autopsies on them should provide some answers.
The average college student takes 5 classes per semester.
The average of states' rates is $1 per mile.
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year.
The ball is also still in the shooter's hand.
The ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
The band has shown no signs of slowing down.
The bands were impatient, but they were the only ones.
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill.
The bath mat in my room is dirty so can you change it?
The bath mat is dirty
The bathrobes in our room have been used
The bathroom is down at the end of the hall
The bean bag is actually filled with feed corn.
The bedding needs to be changed
The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105.
The better known candidates will be shoo-ins, he predicted.
The better the tool, the more creative they can be.
The better we look the more money I get to pay you guys overtime
The bids came in $1.5 million less than expected.
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished.
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts.
The biggest savings came from the reduction in processing costs.
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks.
The black truffle industry is enjoying its best ever season.
The blast damaged, but did not destroy the room.
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone.
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
The board is probably not finished with making administrative hires.
The board's doing the best it can, he said.
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off.
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead.
The body was heavier than he had anticipated.
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics.
The bonus is a far cry from the previous discounts.
The boss sent me over to offer you a job
The bottom line is that we've got a lovely economy.
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner.
The bow drove half through her, but she sealed herself right up
The boy came around behind me, dragging the stake.
The boy scowled at him, and the girl looked shocked.
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
The boys performed a birthday song for their grandfather.
The boys were having a sleepover with his son.
The bride was given in marriage by her father.
The bright spot though is the buoyant dairy industry.
The bucks are right behind them and we're right behind the bucks
The building is equipped with a handicapped accessible elevator.
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside.
The building would've had to give you some kind of notice
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse.
The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches.
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story.
The caller used a bystander's phone to report the crime.
The cancer home is sustained by donations from well wishers.
The captain was gone, and the mate was gone.
The car drew up alongside him and stopped.
The car was designed by Lawn Avenue School's fifth-grade class.
The card is dedicated, in part, to those same 'leaders'.
The carpet is dirty, can I request for slippers?
The case is still under trial in the court.
The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison.
The cattle are bringing good prices at today's auction.
The cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose.
The cavernous studio space quickly filled with people.
The cell is for lack of a better word, perfect
The center is hosted by West Virginia University Research Corporation.
The ceremony will take place at the Truman Presidential Library.
The chaplain married them, on the next day.
The charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country.
The check was later signed and cashed by another person.
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside.
The choice affects the design of companies and systems.
The choices of an education are much more complex.
The chutes add the flavor of old-time rodeos.
The city also accepted the only snow bid it received.
The classic case is Railroad Commission versus Pullman.
The clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office.
The clerk was young and limp, with a tired smile.
The clock which had struck presented an innocent face.
The closest I can get to the 'Born Free' feeling.
The clothes themselves were taken out of the advertisements.
The coffee machine has a problem
The coffee machine in my room doesn't seem to be working properly
The coffee machine in this room is broken
The coffee machine is broken
The coffee machine isn't working
The coffee machine seems to have a problem
The coffee tastes off, is the coffee maker broken?
The cold is making me uncomfortable, can you set the thermostat to 81 degrees Fahrenheit?
The cold is playing a part, he said.
The cold, mysterious presence of God was all around him.
The collaboration was remarkable, as it was in both the other movements, too.
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy.
The common spices, flavorings, and condiments make up this group.
The commotion had brought her into the wings.
The companionship business is the growth industry of the 21st century
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies.
The company had a tax credit of $1.4 million.
The company had cut costs and won victories in court.
The company had previously used a third party for staging.
The company has about 31 million ordinary shares outstanding.
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding.
The company must also understand where it's going.
The company reaffirmed its earnings guidance for the full year.
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position.
The company spent $4 million on improvements to the building.
The company's Ian MacAulay is blaming softer international demand.
The company's sales force applauded the shake up.
The comparable year-earlier number was $56 million, a spokesman said.
The competition in question will take place throughout May.
The competition is subject to terms and conditions.
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr.
The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories.
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden.
The congregation will sing several gospel songs, too.
The continuing drought has worsened Australia's outlook for grain production.
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints.
The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening.
The conversion price for the debentures is $41.75 a share.
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet.
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode.
The cop in the trunk, he could still be alive
The cops could pull up a record of all our calls and, find you
The coroner frowned. 'Nonsense! I can't accept this verdict.'
The corporation has a limited, specific place in our society.
The corpse was on a table, covered by a sheet.
The cost is free to any qualifying students.
The cost of a license now is $2, with an annual renewal fee of $1.
The cost of a personal computer is also coming down.
The cost of grain feed is on everyone's lips.
The cost will be $25 including lunch and materials.
The cough is supposed to cover the lesbian
The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps.
The county will make the switches as painless as possible.
The couple will make their home in Henderson, Nevada.
The couple wore the strings for three days.
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome.
The courts shared the opinion of the employers.
The coverage and the kicking game were atrocious.
The crawling men tried to rise and fell again.
The crew's clothes, sodden with diesel, took fire.
The crowd of 32,000 had only two chances to applaud.
The current amenities in this room will suffice, I don't need anything else
The current bath mat is wet
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000.
The curtains in my room are very dusty so can you do something about it?
The custody suit thing was just my getting back at her
The dangerous effects of pepper spray are well-documented.
The dangerous man is the man who doesn't care
The dark views about the Puritans found in The Emancipation Of Massachusetts were never altered.
The data are presented in lists and tables.
The data given in Table 2, show the routine operation of the aerator.
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
The data indicated that the organic load during the 6-hr.
The date was unaffected by the last-ditch Soviet peace initiative.
The date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
The day it arrived in bookshops was 19 October 1987.
The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water.
The days do not get longer without a price.
The deacon of the church, Carlson, was its janitor.
The deadliness of the Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me.
The death of a man is unique, and yet it is universal.
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this.
The death penalty has had an interesting week.
The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical.
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips.
The desk clerk seemed to be a little bit suspicious
The desk lamp needs to be turned off, immediately
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent.
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments.
The disasters of 1825-1826 caused more to leave.
The disease was first found in WA's north-west in 1998.
The dividend had been five cents a share.
The doctor and the constable left the room together.
The doctor says I've gotten the flu, or some other wretched ailment
The dogs were working a trail -- lion?
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies.
The donation comes from the Legion's gaming fund.
The dream is still alive for the Camas-Washougal Granite.
The driver and five mechanics suffered only small burns.
The driver was arrested for violating the court order.
The driveway is huge and can accommodate 6 cars.
The drought is also affecting young peoples choices at school.
The drought is also pushing wool prices up.
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year.
The drug went after the pain and swallowed it.
The drums of thunder were right behind him now.
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton.
The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Board.
The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations.
The employees and crew are just so great there.
The end of the game you count up your money
The end of the marriage was at hand.
The engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness.
The entertainment industry is where we need to be contributing.
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn.
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown.
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition.
The equipment won't take up valuable space either.
The escalation must end sometime, and probably quite soon.
The evening was not always spent in the same way.
The event is tied in with the novel, said Stewart.
The event will be chip-timed by Stuart Road Racing LLC.
The excellent doctor discovered that I needed steel plates inserted.
The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis.
The executives didn't disclose the size of the expected gain.
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art.
The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking.
The exotic french fungus is currently fetching $3,000 a kilogram.
The expectation is that he will beat her 2-1.
The experience made him want to escape his family's poverty.
The extent and location of open areas is noted.
The extra effort will not be in vain.
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons.
The facility likewise offers laundry, transportation, and cancer support services.
The facility will host new research and educational programs.
The fact is, I don't know how I feel
The famed Yankee Clipper, now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach.
The family also had their grandmother living with them.
The family had agreed that Benetton could use the image.
The family has fled without a forwarding address.
The farm went out of business last summer.
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him.
The feathered lance was still above his head.
The features of his face are distinct, but not fine.
The fee may be waived for qualified non-profit organizations.
The feeling subsided, it was only a small yearning.
The feet wore army shoes, in obvious disrepair.
The fighters were separated in a few minutes.
The figure on the earth halted, seemingly bewildered.
The figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence.
The figures range as high as 15 million families.
The film has passed the critical non-vacation evaluation fairly readily.
The filtered air benefits allergies, asthma, sinus, hay fever.
The final report is due on October 27.
The final score was 18 to 8 for the Islanders.
The final stage is the December selection camp.
The finale will be filled with music, food and drinks!
The finding is only advisory, but it is credible.
The fire has burnt 13,000 hectares - mainly pine plantations.
The fire in the sitting room was lighted.
The fireworks show each year is pretty darn spectacular.
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
The first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself.
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses.
The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving!
The first question is: Would I like to live here?
The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960.
The first three years, we were relying on the starters.
The first time I rode in a limo, I was five
The first time in my life I have gambled
The first two or three days they went home early.
The first was the commune program, which will ensure agricultural poverty for years.
The first-term foreign policy's assumptions went something like this.
The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight.
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep.
The five men took Marina out of the room.
The flame was simply of a different kind.
The flourishing kibbutzim, isolated from Jerusalem, immediately came under siege.
The flower coughed. But not because she had a cold.
The flower had one day seen a caravan passing.
The following is a less extreme example of dependence.
The following month, the company put itself up for sale.
The following possibilities exist for achieving this
The following statement can be found in the environment chapter.
The food bank also is expanding its community partners.
The fool reminds us we get too concerned about appearances.
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter.
The four evangelists are depicted in an 11th-century Bohemian illumination.
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece.
The franchise rights alone will make us wealthy beyond your wildest dreams
The freight car was cold, early in the morning.
The friendless condition in which we shall leave her fills me with anxiety
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15%.
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters.
The funny thing was, at that very moment, the universe was working on something
The gallant half-city is dying on its feet.
The gallium content, however, has been enhanced five-fold.
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit.
The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost.
The game opened a busy week for Washington.
The game was a back-and-forth affair the entire way.
The gangs were heavy around here, she said.
The genetic material that you spliced into Nomak
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
The girls study hard but smile easily and often.
The glass is out of it, but that won't matter.
The glasses and cups in my room don't look to be cleaned well
The goal is to help facilitate potential partnerships.
The goal, of course, is to be like you, the Day walker
The goddamned missile crisis united the whole country behind Kennedy
The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment
The good news is that money isn't everything.
The good news is we haven't got to your car yet
The good old days: toasting marshmallows over a burning witch
The government will want to send you a letter of commendation
The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills.
The graph we came up with definitely points to something big
The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle.
The green bits made the whole thing just fabulous.
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
The ground below your feet begins to shake.
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings.
The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle.
The guards came to life with astonishing menace.
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
The guest bedroom has a Bow window to the front.
The guest list has been closed for months
The guests are starting to ask questions and I'm running out of excuses
The gun would fire or not, just as chance willed.
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist.
The guys who get the calls are good, not flashy, just good
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H.
The hair dryer has a problem
The hair dryer isn't working
The hair dryer seems to have a problem
The hairdryer is broken
The half-man laughed with something close to real humor.
The hands-on air flight museum is also great fun.
The handwritten sign advertises eggs and choice butter.
The happy one could never have looked happier.
The hard way is that I stomp the crap out of you myself
The harder the choice, the more willing the league is to wade in.
The hardest thing is overcoming the two party cultural barrier.
The heater is still too weak
The heavens refused to give up their weeping.
The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day.
The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it.
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere.
The higher elevations had a few inches of snow yesterday.
The hired man ran over to help his boss.
The historic "Jefferson Highway" runs from Winnipeg to New Orleans.
The home improvement industry receives a lot of consumer complaints.
The home screen did not provide me with the answers I needed
The horse and men were saved, but the oxen drowned.
The horse plodded on, and he repeated his call.
The horse will be trained by David Hayes in Victoria.
The horseman required eleven times more than the footman.
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired.
The hospital must file a petition and request another hearing.
The host is the flowing life of the human race.
The hotel information found on the screen has answered all the question I've had regarding the hotel
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it.
The hotel's body wash is a little harsh so do you have a different brand?
The house of cards will not forever stand.
The house was modern, large, on five acres.
The houses in this area are both old and new.
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
The humor of the situation can be imagined.
The hunters explain why this is easier said than done.
The ice was covered with new snow after the storm.
The idea is to make navigation a little simpler.
The idea of shareholder responsibility is something we consider important.
The idea of you as my adopted brother is very exciting
The idea seems to be a meeting for meeting's sake.
The idea seems to threaten profound, barely conscious assumptions.
The ideas of Ford and Taylor were very similar.
The image was as simple as it was new.
The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us, however.
The incident has occurred at 8.30 pm on Wednesday.
The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations.
The increase had been driven by heavy spending on autos.
The index crime report was presented by Senior Officer.
The industrial average closed down from 18 to 2600
The industry has been its own watch dog.
The industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
The industry is refusing to comment on the changes.
The infighting at Alabama State University smells like something bad.
The information I'm requesting is not found on the main menu
The information is not necessary, please turn it off
The information on the display is no longer useful  to me
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense.
The initiative was quickly adopted by Canada's business community.
The innocent people have lost their houses, some lost everything.
The institute issued a turbulence advisory for light planes.
The internet in my room is way too slow and choppy
The investigation will be well worth your time.
The irony is, I could probably cure every vampire but him
The islands are covered with trees, filled with blossoms and fruits
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
The job also covers a number of other items.
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
The judge used the word intentional many times.
The judges thought it should have been marijuana.
The key thing we proved was that Hiss was a liar
The key word in my plays is ' perhaps '.
The key, yeah, the key's in my pants in the bathroom
The kick came, sudden and vicious but short.
The kid on the windy side of the baker's window
The kidnappers reportedly shot at pursuing police but missed.
The kids are receptive to the training sessions, Hove said.
The kids at school say she humped Mr. Marsh to death
The kids get so excited over these shoes, Gray said.
The kids really pride themselves in their work.
The kind of guy that runs home to his momma or some girlfriend
The kind who came into a cheap store like this!
The kits include bed covers, kitchen utensils and hygiene materials.
The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him.
The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded.
The lag effect promotes higher stream flows during summer months.
The lake is calm and peaceful this morning.
The lake is cooling down and fishing is improving.
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it.
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter.
The larger gift was the canvas of Syracuse itself.
The last few years the parade averaged about 70 entries.
The last time I saw your father we were in the library
The last time you do this, you left me a pistol, with one shot
The last two were a red and a black chow.
The last we spent any time together I was fourteen
The latch is on your side of the door.
The latest operation follows checks by doctors in recent days.
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory.
The latter is not reduced to the former.
The laundry bags are filled
The laundry bags in the room are all full
The leagues are full of guys like that.
The least you can do is be courteous to her
The lecture, by the way, comes at taxpayer expense.
The left fielder threw and it was a good one.
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away.
The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions.
The length of each training course varies, Kidd said.
The letter, scraped on stone, had been a message home.
The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor.
The liberals have to get him to win the cases.
The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief.
The light at that time is a benediction.
The light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness Corning 1840 filter.
The light was fading and I had to get my shot
The light-filled upstairs dining room is available for private events.
The lights are hurting my eyes. I want to dim down the lights
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes.
The linen needs to be changed
The list of wasteful spending goes on and on.
The little O'Brien girl, of course, the one you suggested in the story
The little boy screamed and burst into loud tears.
The little official hung his head in shame.
The little prince went to look at the roses again.
The living room may only be used by members.
The local school officials do not prohibit this event.
The local strategy has yet to become a national one.
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today.
The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless.
The long, unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels.
The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail, with a drop door for ventilation.
The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand.
The lower temperature will take longer to roast the vegetables.
The machine in use was a Sequoia AVC Advantage.
The machine isn't making the coffee
The magnification may be smaller, equal, or larger than unity.
The main menu is missing the information I am looking for so I want to close the screen
The main threat is actually global temperature rising, he said.
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin.
The man finally stops and lets the girl out.
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell.
The man leaned his frail body against Watson's shoulder.
The man opened his mouth, but no words came.
The man said with a tone of impatience.
The man said, backing up a step, still looking down.
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank.
The man was just this side of being a freak.
The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself
The man's voice was a sweet, patient whisper.
The manufacturer and the dealers had to become partners.
The march consisted of participants dressed in white.
The marine yelled and flung the hand away.
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns.
The market also includes children's rides and raffles.
The market today for detergent builders is quite diverse.
The market will remain open on Fridays through early October.
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
The master's hand has lost none of its craft.
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700.
The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source.
The mayor of the town taught them English and French.
The measure passed with nearly three-quarters approval from city voters.
The meat industry is seasonal to start with, he said.
The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage
The memory of you walking out that door
The men had served more than two decades in prison.
The men mewed and scratched, begging to be taken away.
The men of this tribe wear simple clothes without designs.
The menu includes many other options, as well.
The method of compiling the AIA and TR lists will be described later.
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen.
The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that.
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
The mission of the church is to save souls.
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
The moment you returned from the battle your options were clear
The money goes to a good cause, but I don't have anybody to go with
The money may go away, but the people don't.
The month of February is one of my favorite months.
The moon trying to shoot down through all these trees can make things funky
The more I think about it the more irritated I get
The more I try to picture her, the more I can't
The more desperate pace was reserved for the visitors.
The more he saw, the more ideas he had.
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime.
The most common weapon active shooters use is a pistol.
The most important of these is the height.
The most important tasks of a democracy are done by everyone
The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs.
The motion was defeated 33 votes to 31.
The motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different.
The motive behind Martinez's murder remains a mystery.
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile.
The move was approved at a special shareholders' meeting yesterday.
The museum is open from 10am-6pm on all days.
The music surged up, but it failed to check it.
The name comes from the number of a train.
The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips.
The name on the reservation doesn't match my credit card, can I still check-in?
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him.
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the criticisms.
The necessity of that day has long disappeared.
The need for reupholstering, redecorating, repainting becomes more infrequent.
The new Benetton team was performing well this season.
The new information system was built round the financial consultants.
The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James
The new, jacketed slug in Magnum corrected this.
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical.
The next Colors magazine was also being prepared.
The next days may show where things stand.
The next developments will probably be in weaponry.
The next few years were difficult for him.
The next night, I took her out to this little bistro in Brooklyn
The next time the police saw her she was dead.
The night I take you to places you've never been before
The night clerk has already gone, you are late
The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm.
The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette.
The night you met, your first date, other first things
The noon release is open to the public.
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns.
The number depends on who is talking at the moment.
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity.
The odds of winning most lottery prizes may be long.
The offer is based on several conditions, including obtaining financing.
The officer, surprised, said he would have to see.
The old basement will be part of the new building.
The one thing he knows is there are bookshelves inside.
The one thing they had in common was their hatred.
The one thing you don't want is air in the conversation
The one thing you don't want is to attract the police
The one who equates number of words with value.
The only honest thing to do is call it off
The only important differences from that standpoint, between the two Constitutions, lies in their Preambles.
The only man for this job is sitting right here in town
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome.
The only party committed to this is the Conservatives.
The only thing I'm sure of is that I can't go to sleep
The only way I could get her out was to call the police
The only way that I can see is through communication.
The only way to find things is to relax.
The open events take place between 5pm and 7pm.
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual.
The operation took more than 10 hours, doctors said.
The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view
The opponents, on the contrary, are using force and weapons.
The order of fitting is not too important.
The other elders will never let you get away with this!
The other reason is if somebody gets hurt.
The other route is to be treated with drugs.
The others were valued at $325, $75 and $65.
The outcome of the experiment is X successes.
The owners don't like us to even talk about it
The pain dulled as he moved, and he steadied inside.
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long.
The painted stairway to the upstairs living room space.
The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life.
The parents were just leaving the apartment at that time
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy
The particular recipe is a matter of individual taste.
The past comes back to us in mental snapshots.
The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade.
The payment, BusinessDay gathered, would be made in installments.
The people at Pepsi-Cola were very worried about the situation.
The people who told the stories were sincere.
The percentages are lower in most other countries.
The performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal.
The pest was found after the boats were moored.
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives.
The picture was banned by the city authorities.
The pilot plant was equipped with a 3-hp.
The place we're going is on the other side of that
The plan was not without objections from community members, however.
The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix.
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men.
The playing takes both sides of the disc.
The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse.
The point is, maybe it's time for some healthy communication
The points may also touch C without crossing.
The police and the FBI people asked, but there wasn't anything happened like that, never
The police are gonna need your full name and address
The policeman walked on, but he looked back once.
The poor boy who marries a rich girl, now there's a swell theme
The poor kid -- the poor, frail kid.
The pop music industry became more international than ever before.
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.
The population registration system still has important functions.
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition.
The possibilities are few, and the total number of rules may be considerably greater.
The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision.
The post had been vacant for more than a year.
The post might have a lot of fun with it
The postponement, was suggested by Mayor Lionel Rivera.
The power of this place is old and always restless
The predicted interaction effect should, if potent, extend its influence over all academic achievement.
The preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study.
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
The present edition of crystal data was written by J.D.H.
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems.
The president proposes this increase, which must be approved Congress.
The press is driving us crazy over this P2P thing
The price of fresh fruit and vegetables has also sky-rocketed.
The price of nickel is currently at a record high.
The prices of gold and silver were also affected. 
The principal mauler, however, was Senator Joseph McCarthy.
The probe started after Volkswagen alerted prosecutors to possible wrongdoing.
The problem is: the NLF wants us to leave Algeria and we want to remain
The problem may have reached an apex in the EU.
The problem soon cleared and the questioning became robust.
The problem with Europe right now is the European Union.
The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one.
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex.
The problems with such a system of categorization are myriad.
The process is very environmentally compatible and highly efficient.
The product is more or less the same.
The program also includes E-Projects, Industry visits and workshops.
The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston.
The program will be a Historical Show and Tell.
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself.
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real.
The project is currently supported by Harvard University.
The project is expected to be complete by June.
The project was contracted to Chinese company, ZTE.
The projects were selected through the application-based Strategic Priorities Funds.
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land.
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
The prostitutes have departed, but the ban is still enforced.
The public is welcome to spectate and celebrate.
The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute.
The purpose of business was to serve society.
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear.
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple.
The quest for pussy is the meaning of life
The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion.
The question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
The question, once again, was one of money.
The race took place July 9 in Edmonton.
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation.
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first.
The railway companies said they needed more money from taxes.
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland.
The rankings also play into "at-large bids" for the tournament.
The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion.
The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits.
The real star of this cast is the chorus.
The reason, authorities have discovered tantalizing new evidence.
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now.
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained.
The record books, however, would favor the Giants' ace.
The record came as a surprise for the breeder.
The region's lost income could total $65 million.
The religion supports, re-enforces, reaffirms, and maintains the fundamental values.
The remaining eight commissioners voted in favor of the application.
The report's accurate but it's not complete, he said.
The residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds.
The respect I have for my grandfathers cannot be measured.
The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
The rest are process and don't necessarily impact policy.
The rest depend on where you are from.
The rest is used for human food and industrial products.
The rest of the deficit is also easily understood.
The rest of the family was crazy as Rusty Parr
The rest of the money is here in the car
The rest of your post is just as off target.
The restaurant has a door big enough for that, too.
The restaurant has a surprisingly good Thanksgiving buffet
The restaurant is small, but it serves its purpose.
The restaurant's origin story is a long and tangled one.
The result has been neglect, fumbling efforts, or superficial treatment.
The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates.
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed.
The result was that workers increased their production.
The results are too varied to allow generalization.
The results of the competition are as follows.
The results were good, but which treatment helped is still not known.
The results were in line with analysts' expectations.
The results will be available in two weeks
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform.
The rider from Concord was as good as his word.
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked.
The right will land first, followed by the left.
The river is great, but it just divides it.
The roar of regents has decided to terminate your grant
The rocks sloped steeply like the roof on a church.
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change.
The roof of the command post began to buckle.
The room does not need heating
The room doesn't feel as warm as I'd like it to be. Increase the temperature by 10 degrees
The room feels humid, can we turn on the AC?
The room feels too dry, request for a humidifier
The room is bright, please dim down the lights
The room is stuffy
The room is too bright, please turn off all the lights
The room is too dark, please turn on the lights
The room is too dry, please request for a humidifier
The room is warm enough, I don't need the heater anymore
The room isn't as warm as I need it to be
The room needs heating
The room needs to be much warmer
The room's coffee machine is not working
The room's safety box isn't working, please fix it
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them.
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
The runners with the fastest cumulative times win.
The rustling problem was by no means solved.
The safety box in my room keeps opening even without the code
The safety box is not working
The sale represents 10.2% of Meridian's shares outstanding.
The sales of Notebook computers grew at 52% year-on-year.
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices.
The same strategy is in place with Iran.
The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands.
The scene works perfectly on a purely visual level.
The school has been open for three years.
The school is located at 9-1 Mile Road, Woodward Heights.
The screen test was never made -- but Diane was.
The second argument applies the method in the reverse way.
The second level, senior engineer, rates slightly below first-level supervision.
The second planet was inhabited by a very vain man.
The second question, which is research, is equally important.
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
The senior enjoyed a big night running the ball.
The sentence : 360 days' confinement in the county jail.
The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds.
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet.
The service is not compatible with other roaming services.
The set is flush with behind-the-scenes extras and storyboards.
The sewage flow into the treatment plant was metered and continuously recorded on 24-hr.
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994.
The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
The ship is expected to be loaded today.
The ship was delayed in Port Adelaide by 12 days.
The shipment arrived at the Port of Newcastle this week.
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound.
The show began as a way to showcase student talent.
The show features music from the North Carolina Symphony.
The shower gel in the bathroom is running low
The sidewalk was scoured with bleach every single day.
The sinking of the Royal Charter changed all that.
The site near the town was abandoned in 1983.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford
The situation was similar in the rest of the Midwest.
The six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake.
The size of the contingent was not disclosed.
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
The skiff was not heading for the nursery, however.
The sky was blue, the sun was shining.
The slippers are dirty
The slippers in the hotel are dirty
The slippers that come with the room are a little too small for me
The slope was covered with new soft snow.
The small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc.
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant.
The snow came a little faster now, he noted.
The snow cornices to the right were very dangerous.
The soaking will put life back in the wagon, too.
The social effects of the Web lifestyle will be enormous.
The soldier's voice was muffled again, stricken with chagrin.
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones.
The sooner he is put out of our misery, the sooner will they be safe
The sooner it's over, the sooner you're on your way
The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum.
The sounds of an animal in rage and despair.
The source of this paradox is not difficult to identify.
The special airs exclusively on Western Reserve PBS.
The specifics are in the report, and information about the woman
The speed at which the business was growing was amazing.
The speed of change in the business world increased greatly.
The speedometer of her car showed she had driven 94 miles that day
The spire seemed to hold up the sky.
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers.
The state has been on track to keep breaking records.
The state is NOT our lord and master.
The state's BJD-free status is now under threat.
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
The statement of the system is a different matter.
The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room.
The stock began trading this summer at $14 apiece.
The stock now shows the Market Capitalization of 26.85 Billion.
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him.
The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there.
The stories feature straight men experimenting with their sexuality.
The story is repeated throughout the mining region.
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known.
The story reflects the way too many people feel.
The strange creature, housed in wire, made him shudder.
The street cleaner had not yet been around.
The streets in the colored section were dirty.
The strength of the History is also its weakness.
The stress was a little too much for him.
The student population contains a mix of cultures.
The student's case is scheduled for trial next year.
The students were asked what sustainability means to them.
The study of ideas in literature is one of these.
The subject is directly applicable to the audience.
The success of Jennifer the singer doesn't stop.
The success of PCs as educational tools requires teacher involvement.
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday.
The sun is so pleasant, I want to draw the curtains
The sun is too bright right now. Use the sheer curtains to block the sun
The sunlight is hurting my eyes, I want to pull the curtains back
The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons.
The suspects have been charged with aggravated assault.
The swan is in fact the nice country of pride.
The sweetness of tomatoes has gone down, he said.
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced.
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign.
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense.
The system passes on these savings to its members.
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits.
The system sustained gunshots in a previous incident.
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
The tale, he thought, would become less gay.
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake.
The tax strategy document can be viewed here.
The teaching workforce was 71 percent African-American before the storm.
The team also earned a full-paid bid to the "Shout!"
The team seems very, very excited about this new dynamic.
The temperature dependent value was taken from Reference
The temperature is still too high, lower it by 3 degrees
The temperature of this room in unacceptable
The temperature of this room needs to decrease at least 10 degrees , immediately
The temptation to take part in the profiteering was substantial.
The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end.
The tent was closed, the food was still there.
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind.
The theory behind this is, of course, fundamentalist in character.
The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud.
The thing about New Year's Eve is that it sucks
The thing all men most require: a marriage to a fine woman
The thing to do is to sit still and keep our traps shut
The things a man will do for a woman.
The things that spell San Francisco to me are disappearing fast
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest.
The three had little to say to each other.
The three men immediately formed a strong relationship.
The three sales conditions have therefore been satisfied.
The thrifts agreed to the transaction in August 1988.
The thyroid gland is the first to uptake radioactive iodine.
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance.
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely.
The timing's unfortunate I admit, Mr Doyle said.
The top 12 field event competitors advance to Saturday's finals.
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical.
The total cost of the five-year program was $200 million.
The total is the probably gross income from farming.
The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood
The track gave Gomez some clout in the dance world.
The transaction is expected to close around year end.
The travel, the bohemian art life, my big lesbian experience
The trial is expected to last three months.
The troop had halted, and each man bent his eye on the leader
The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest.
The trucks today help pay for this highway.
The true surge had to be inside the marble itself.
The trunk was just picked up by an old lady
The truth is most people don't have table manners today
The truth, now, was it my hide, or the stamps?
The two events are taking place at the same time.
The two smoked together then the suspect left.
The two will focus on the persecution of Christians.
The two women babbled and crooned at him.
The two-week period to collect EI has also been waived.
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers.
The universe is a safe and permanent home.
The upper part of his packet had stained dark.
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing.
The valet has my car keys and I would like them back
The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized.
The value of the US dollar dropped like a stone.
The value of the products you can raise on it.
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions.
The virtual catering menu includes both fresh-water fish and seafood.
The virus stunts tomato growth and drastically limits yields.
The voice came from behind him, and Wilson turned.
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt.
The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below.
The volume of crude oil released remains under evaluation.
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951.
The voter registration deadline is Oct. 18, at midnight.
The voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks
The wages involved were larger and more regular.
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off.
The walls bulged, the floor trembled, the windowpanes rattled.
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
The warped, broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes.
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2.
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85.
The water level was higher than their hubs.
The water was intended to be released as environmental flows.
The waves may keep coming for many hours.
The way I heard it, you stole one of them from a small village
The way people got information and made decisions was changing.
The way to free you from the curse of the treasure
The way we figure it, Barbara flies to Boston twice a week
The welfare state as we know it can't last.
The west is leaderless, according to this book.
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night.
The whole production this week is fresh and lively.
The whole sordid thing is far beneath your position to begin with
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
The whole thing must have been so embarrassing for you
The wind grew stronger, and clouds came up.
The wind speed is still too weak
The winner will receive a $220,000 prime mover.
The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise.
The woman I got it from is never going to give it a second thought
The woman and child were rescued, Strain said.
The woman beckoned them inside. 'What name, Sir?'
The women had traveled here aboard a cruise ship.
The women's faces had hardened after my statement.
The wool market has hit a two year high.
The word is that soon he is to be king of the middle empire
The word means it won't boil away easily, nothing else.
The words drummed in my ears in monotonous competition.
The words you're looking for weren't in the dictionary you studied
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements.
The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music.
The work-oriented culture can also lead to friendly conversation.
The workers are the most important thing in any company.
The world awaits Mr. Khrushchev's choice of alternatives.
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close.
The wrinkled mouth laughed, revealing astonishingly strong, white, teeth.
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered.
The years suddenly fell away at this point.
The years, if they were years, went by.
The young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
The youngster of today will represent society of tomorrow.
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments.
Their anger is justified after the Panama leaks.
Their comments were met by applause from the crowd.
Their deal was too sweet to begin with.
Their eligibility is re-evaluated when family members find employment.
Their eyes turned cold and accusing, even Via's.
Their federal lawsuit was dismissed as frivolous two months ago.
Their feet are on the long path right beside him.
Their fourth and last child, Rocco, was born in 1971.
Their gait is impossible to convey in words.
Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them
Their onrush and retreat, he reported, was accompanied by a great hissing, roaring and rattling.
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room.
Their thirteenth place finish beat last years by eight spots.
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards.
Then CWI said the law didn't require it.
Then Fisk met Lind about a year later.
Then I asked Observer editor Dave Mann the same question.
Then I cover the sowing with a board.
Then I fixed supper for my husband and waited until
Then I guess it's not meant to be
Then I guess we're doing this the right way, aren't we?
Then I guess you're gonna have to call me
Then I remembered we made love in that field before we left for home
Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley
Then I'll back up 200 feet to behind the public restroom
Then Katie stumbled, and again he was falling, falling!
Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition.
Then a drifter named Deacon Frost came calling one evening
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain.
Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him
Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations.
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve.
Then began the journey through their own mine fields.
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's.
Then demand that your information systems provide the answers.
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor.
Then he called on the governor to explain why.
Then he called the others on his radio.
Then he calls his friends on his radio.
Then he came out and started driving toward the beach.
Then he looked into my eyes and smiled.
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
Then he spread out the last list on the counter.
Then he thought me more perverse than ever.
Then he was on his way at a gallop.
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house.
Then it mixed with Barkers Butts the year after.
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide.
Then just give me one of your explanations that all three of us'll buy
Then let me bring Betty to the set and see what happens
Then one of the guests showed his merriment.
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin.
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me
Then she is in Maid in Manhattan, a love story.
Then she must have run out of the room and you found her
Then she starts to look for a job.
Then she's not as smart as I thought she was
Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him.
Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling.
Then the Bulls were bitten by the injury bug.
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind.
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone.
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.
Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady.
Then there are his enemies to contend with.
Then there had been another head beside his own.
Then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying.
Then there was the General kissing his wife.
Then there you were, such a beautiful, beautiful grown man
Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change
Then they find a name inside his shirt.
Then try driving to Brooklyn with my brains all over the windshield
Then we see the flies with sunhats and suitcases.
Then we'll drive back to her apartment and I will plant myself there
Then why did you have anything to do with him?
Then why did you wait until right before the wedding to compose them?
Then you can tell if it is the right material.
Then you don't deserve to hear his stories
Then you need to understand what the data means.
Then you requested a high-five, with your foot
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up.
Then, Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is unlimited.
Then, a little bit after that the headaches came
Then, a minute later: 'Why don't I go down?'
Then, after a while, she went to her mirror.
Then, at 4 o'clock, he turned to go.
Then, feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after calving.
Then, gently, he shoved her behind toward Laura.
Then, it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points.
Then, one by one, they too left home.
Then, something horrible happens that's when you start praying all the time
Then, the protesters left as quickly as they had come.
Then, they had to get up and be General Burnside.
Thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare.
There appeared to be no representative from the media.
There are a few prognoses of coming events.
There are a few traits that make us human.
There are a lot of hairs on the floor of my hotel room
There are a number of reasons for this, she said.
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class.
There are absolutely no women out there for you
There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south.
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups.
There are also short positions on several of the stocks.
There are certain things I wouldn't do for my country
There are certain things and feelings that we must not voice
There are civilians, but they don't belong to terror groups.
There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning.
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock as I discovered.
There are even publications called Sick and Mad.
There are formula and name indexes covering both parts.
There are four for rap, the same for country.
There are items missing from my hotel room's safety box
There are many soft and light shoe leathers available.
There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems.
There are many that believe in miracles from God.
There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product.
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series.
There are more tears now than on Day One.
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
There are no free parking spots anywhere around here
There are no problems with her family now.
There are no words that quite express, my gratitude or happiness
There are now only unknown dead dreams, and bitter disappointment.
There are only two reasons to ever date a girl you've already dated
There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne.
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups.
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place.
There are reasons for the way we do things here
There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment.
There are so many subway lines and the map confuses me
There are surprises, however, that can come from cell phones.
There are three levels on which to treat the subject.
There are two arguments floating in Turkey at the moment.
There are two big questions a man has to ask in life
There are two main markets for cars in this country.
There are two sides of a coin for this decision.
There are two six-ounce pork chops that are very tender.
There are two ways to use customer data.
There are two ways you could do this, she said.
There are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique.
There are volunteers, media, speeches and town-hall-style meetings everywhere.
There aren't enough hangers in the hotel room
There aren't many choices in town anyway, you'd have to eat alone
There aren't many men who love their work as much as I do
There could be more if the funds allow.
There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle.
There had been an eclipse of the moon.
There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions.
There have been a number of sound plans proposed.
There have been no arrests in any of the slayings.
There is $76 million to encourage more oil exploration.
There is Karl Marx, of course, buried in London.
There is a $5 charge for face painting.
There is a bronze wreath on the wall.
There is a budget crisis and it affects everyone.
There is a cool wind blowing through the air.
There is a general perception that something is wrong.
There is a great deal to be said about success.
There is a joy to learning, he says.
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders.
There is a mixed outlook for other grains.
There is a problem with the coffee machine
There is a problem with the coffee machine right now
There is a problem with the hair dryer
There is a problem with the safety box
There is a section for meat, a section for frozen food, and a section for vegetables
There is a strange smell coming from the towels in my room
There is absolutely no shame in that nation.
There is always a market for this line of work.
There is an emergency, please call now
There is an excellent outlook for Australia's dairy industry.
There is even scientific evidence that boredom leads to creativity.
There is grave news from the Northern Territory about Christmas.
There is never enough corn, peas or strawberries.
There is no charge and no state aid.
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed.
There is no longer a clear division between what is foreign and what is domestic
There is no need to keep this screen open anymore
There is no one size fits all addiction treatment.
There is no other way to sum it up.
There is no question as to just what is available.
There is no room for error or waste.
There is no socially existential answer to the question.
There is no such magic in man-made laws.
There is no way she moved to Guam in January.
There is not a cap on the guarantee.
There is nothing easy about running a cruise boat in winter
There is one big way we can help them.
There is one other thing we could do
There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream.
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
There is plenty of that business to be done.
There is something wrong with my coffee machine
There is something wrong with my hairdryer
There is something you can do for me, Miss
There is unceasing pressure, but its sources are immediate.
There is very little for you to do, but I do need your help
There is we have to have a bipartisan approach.
There is, to begin, an important sex difference.
There it is and there is what was in it.
There might be some trades this week, he said.
There must be some kids you used to know from school
There must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there
There need be no squeamishness about admitting this.
There needs to be a clarification of this, he said.
There needs to be more conditioner sent to my room
There needs to be more ice sent to my room
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved.
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated.
There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look.
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
There was a cancellation two months from now
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals.
There was a cream that I used at the BOUTIQUE SPA that I really like
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice.
There was a lady there, in a nightdress.
There was a long pause among the three ministers.
There was a pause and then the singing began again.
There was a pretty thorough silence at that point.
There was a shining on her face and on her hair
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby.
There was a thick, squashy crack of fist on flesh.
There was a tie for second place at 16.61 pounds.
There was a woman who wanted to talk to us
There was also a dog, a dingo dog.
There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester.
There was always a pause here, before the next line.
There was an annual audit, Garth informed him.
There was another noise from the hearing aid.
There was another on this side, a little further down.
There was dancing in the big hotels every night.
There was good hard snow under his feet.
There was more to this than Jones had told him.
There was no cost estimate for the second phase.
There was no cover here, only grass sighing against pant-legs.
There was no dream of escape for these people.
There was no hint of a violent struggle now.
There was no lock because Herman didn't allow a lock.
There was no longer any need to hide.
There was no process of trial and error.
There was no reported damage to the warehouse.
There was no sign of alcohol or any other explanation.
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont.
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money.
There was no valley like this on your map.
There was no word spoken, no apparent signal given.
There was nothing he could do but wait.
There was nothing he could do but walk.
There was nothing in particular on the man's face.
There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive.
There was one further step in my religious progress.
There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me.
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience.
There was order in the world and everything was organized.
There was seven or eight of 'em come to the house
There was someone in front with the sheriff.
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them.
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist.
There was too much weight casually to toss it away.
There was, additionally, a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons.
There was, of course, no real need to rearrange everything.
There we can see the pitching we need to see.
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder.
There were aesthetic problems as well as political.
There were also a couple in Canada, and several in England.
There were also leaks in the computer lab.
There were bombings and shootings in the cities.
There were fewer end-of-season stocks and more reorders.
There were five of them, and their faces were covered.
There were many conflicting accounts of his fate.
There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century.
There were no reasons for such suppositions then.
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots.
There were now 600 stores across the United States.
There were other roofs, less convenient but not impossible.
There were over 40 carts in the cruise this year.
There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse.
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.
There were tools about but they were neatly kept.
There were video screens and spaces for art.
There were water shortages, power outages, no fuel.
There will also be free face painting and fortune telling.
There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3, covering all three volumes.
There will be many more upstarts enjoined in the fight.
There will of course be times for delay and inaction.
There wouldn't be much demand for it, I'm afraid.
There you have it, the divorce is final.
There you'll be, with two lovely ships on your hands, and what to do?
There you'll find such treasures await you
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack.
There's a cab over there, I'll just run back to the apartment and change shoes
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on.
There's a fire, call for help
There's a force, you see a spirit that exists in our blood
There's a game tonight anyway and he'll never miss me
There's a girl that you have to meet
There's a group heading south, they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away
There's a guy in there who won't let me into the stupid VIP room
There's a hairpin coming up, that's the place for it
There's a lot more at stake here than what you want
There's a lot of food to give out
There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis
There's a lot of waste going on here.
There's a problem with the iron
There's a reason for this length of stay.
There's a strip mall not half a mile from my house
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive.
There's a whole city, a whole world, kinda beside, on top, just below this one
There's a wonderful smell about Iowa, very particular to this part of the country
There's absolutely no way in this world to connect us to anything
There's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that was questioned
There's also an educational component to the ritual, she added.
There's an issue wih the room's safety box
There's been a crazy accident and you have to go
There's been an emergency, please call for help
There's been an emergency, please help me get a physician on the line
There's been no environmental impact study done, he said.
There's commotion from a dog in the nearby kitchen.
There's definitely a lot that needs to be done.
There's fresh evidence Kevin may have been onto something.
There's got to be a load of money in this
There's jewelry, all kinds of earrings, necklaces, Patti said.
There's just so much to do for this wedding
There's little consensus on how swiftly fresh vegetables lose nutrients.
There's money in the budget for magnet schools.
There's more need out there than her clinic can provide.
There's no evidence that he had anything but straight sex prior to meeting Miss Lawson
There's no love lost between the two candidates.
There's no point in continuing policies that don't work.
There's no sense in being reminded of times that were.
There's no sickness smell at all here, and little blood
There's no substitute for taking personal responsibility for one's health.
There's no time, I'll call you in the morning
There's no way Claudia has been drunk for three years
There's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell
There's no word yet on the cost of that track.
There's nothing I can do for you but tip the cops
There's nothing like your personal and professional networks.
There's nothing there now and I don't get any significant readings
There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank
There's one of these in every major city, and just like Domino's, they always deliver
There's something here, a new line, right across your life line
There's something wrong with every single place we look at
There's something, somebody here, I want to see them coming
There's still such a thing as mental illness.
There's too much dirty laundry laying around
There's ways to do it so nobody knows who anybody is
There've been no new leads in eight years.
There, he met one of the top managers, Donaldson Brown.
Therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines.
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor.
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers.
These are all comments specifically mailed to our newsroom.
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured.
These are just another couple of characters to roll.
These are not, however, differences in federal structure.
These are older women just dressed up to look young
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface.
These are real analytic periodic functions with period T.
These are supporting members for the short locking bars.
These are very intense people and they take things personally
These are very serious, almost insurmountable obstacles, of course.
These are your awesome years, you're wasting them on this girl
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei.
These bathrobes are a little too scratchy for my taste
These battens are glued and screwed to the frames.
These bugs don't affect our schedule at all, he said.
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance.
These customers were not just Romans, or even Italians.
These days, though, hospitals are regularly coming under attack.
These errata do not affect business programs, he said.
These estimates assist in local and provincial government planning processes.
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry.
These glaring issues have been now realized by financial institutions.
These guys simply don't retire to condos over the Euphrates.
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28.
These have gotta be the best people in New York
These have sought more and more of what they have.
These heartlanders can't figure it out, 'cause that's not their sweet little Betty
These idiotic filler pieces were a guilty pleasure of ours
These include : leaves of absences, illnesses, and layoffs.
These letters became the center of my existence.
These machines will become part of ordinary life.
These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed
These new machines changed our economies and our lifestyles.
These offered a greater selling area in a single place.
These people died because of the criminal actions of my doctor
These people have had to make some very difficult choices.
These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe.
These plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen.
These poured through the gate and joined the flight.
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully.
These remedies were straight forward, not 20 pages long.
These rooms all look the same, even when you're sober
These societies can expect to face difficult times.
These studies vary widely in scope and precision.
These systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems.
These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in figure one.
These things are easy on the Web today.
These tips apply to almost everyone, including you!
These two basic malformations have, of course, many variations.
These two walks take you through the heart of Rome.
These usually, but not always, follow those of city staff.
These volunteer organizations are sort of interconnected, functioning hand in hand with law enforcement
These were heroes nine feet tall to him.
These were test cases for Benetton's global brand.
These were the last words he ever uttered.
These were the new United Condoms of Benetton.
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department.
These will be drilled and tapped later on.
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts.
These women wanted to go out and have fun.
These would be two human beings, whom God had chosen.
They agree, we must launch a counter offensive with a full nuclear strike
They all bowed low as I approached them.
They all consider me just as one of the boys
They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago
They all stood in a half circle for morning prayers
They all three had another cup of coffee.
They also have in common locations unknown to the authorities.
They also improved communications with their external partners.
They also liked his ideas for new tools and machines.
They also reject any articles referring to gender equality.
They also share Islam with the ethnic Albanians.
They also take the show to Vegas annually.
They also worry about Tyler's state of mind.
They always take our vital signs when we go to the doctor
They are always very popular and quick to fill up.
They are amazing mechanics and pilots, Lawyer said.
They are climbing down together in the dark.
They are currently in residence at Stanford University in California.
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic.
They are found in offshore and inshore waters.
They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony.
They are held in control by force, but barely.
They are looking forward to carving it for Halloween.
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds, pearls and other jewels.
They are not honest, and they have no integrity.
They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile.
They are now in committee in the House.
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
They are sure to both prominently feature sip and strolls.
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy.
They are the ones who call these doctors murderers.
They are two good colts of different type.
They are using this tactic to elevate their revenues.
They are working on the wrong part of our anatomy.
They aren't being allowed to leave and could become hostages.
They ask nothing of us but occasional ruthless thinning.
They ask people for money for sick children.
They asked that during games in which I was playing.
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar.
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.
They believe he fled to Grand Junction on Friday night.
They both had oxygen and were carrying about 20 kilograms.
They both lament the passing of lost loves.
They both won this fight, the mountain and the man.
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits.
They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried
They called her Mollie the Mutton, and laughed.
They came down, collapsing faintly on a blur of wrong notes
They came out and held their games and races.
They came to America seeking other kinds of cheese, as I recall
They came to say good-bye to an old friend.
They can be pricey, because you have so many performers.
They can look at different ways of combining benefits online.
They can look at me like a bug under glass, if they want to
They can't catch other animals so they turn to us
They can't find their asses with both hands.
They can't turn their paper information into action.
They charged into the enemy like wild men.
They climbed along the rope to Mallory and Norton.
They climbed carefully, cutting steps in the snow.
They come and go as naked as the day God created them
They come from the east and equally from the west.
They complained only that the measures don't go far enough.
They congratulate themselves and worry about bike lanes.
They convinced her to let them buy her a meal in the city
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated.
They could come on him now without difficulty.
They could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats.
They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt.
They desperately need doctors who can provide community services.
They did not say anything about the banned computer program.
They didn't find any signs of life on the Viking missions
They didn't seem to be able to think of any.
They didn't want to wait to find out.
They do not believe a default will harm the economy.
They do our country great harm by such actions.
They do this simply for the pleasure of others.
They do want to read the news, though.
They don't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
They don't have the support of our people.
They don't seem to be especially ego driven, this is true
They don't teach that at Sunday School or at the Whittier Community Playhouse!
They earnestly desire to do the will of God.
They entered the bedroom, and Dolores said nothing.
They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion.
They even pay me six dollars a month.
They expect him to answer their questions immediately over e-mail.
They expect him to cut costs throughout the organization.
They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors.
They explained value judgments by explaining them away.
They fear us because in their hearts they know their race has become obsolete
They find a gun in the front of the car.
They followed the others toward the east gate.
They found nothing, but that was not surprising.
They found the answer in Coco Chanel's new shop.
They found them like that, shriveled up from weeks without food or water
They go out in the sun they don't burn, they blister
They got nothing to do with helping you make it
They got two tails and a drill bit for a head
They grew louder as the Indians charged again.
They had Vermouth, sitting in front of a cafe.
They had a short talk among themselves in German.
They had a son -- killed in the war.
They had already lost most of their corn, she thought.
They had been with Ms. Gaines for approximately seven hours.
They had come not to admire but to observe.
They had done something no one had ever done before.
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm.
They had learned, both of them, about Abraham Wharf.
They had left both of his eyes uncovered.
They had left themselves too much to discover.
They had listened to her tell them about her relationships.
They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it.
They had not heard what had been said.
They had oxygen, and Odell said they were 'moving quickly.'
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise.
They had to find a zoning district that does both.
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom.
They have a 15 month old son, Johnny.
They have a lot of programs for senior citizens.
They have a place to call home on Charles Street.
They have a shell that covers their back and belly.
They have become the sheep in my analogy.
They have broken most of their wedding vows, but they're still the best couple I know
They have each paid over $1,000 for their seats.
They have the satisfaction only a hard day's labor can provide
They have to live with their conscience and their decision.
They haven't hurt him anymore, but he was crying
They include both individual fears and collective ones.
They indicate simple division, multiplication, subtraction, and addition.
They joke that they want to live vicariously through me.
They just don't know what's going on anywhere.
They just might keep you out of jail bishop.
They just set there on their horses watchin' him die
They just want to cover their asses or meet girls or tear each other down
They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations.
They killed you and you don't even know it
They know Jack will give them what they want once they have her
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones.
They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details.
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile.
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together.
They like their wild life in focus and without any personal comment
They live according to nature, in a never ending summer
They live in the suburbs now, and you two are about to have a baby
They look pretty white middle class to me.
They looked a good deal alike, Morgan thought.
They looked around for different things to wear.
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in.
They loved Hiss just like they loved this Ellsberg character
They make large purchases online easier and quicker.
They met in a hospital ward where their romance began.
They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter.
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills.
They moved in on him, crowded him from all sides.
They moved into the house 15 years ago.
They moved slowly, toward the main gate, following the wall.
They must certify we are sane and because of your, what is law called?
They need to see the new version
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man.
They never burned witches in this country, they hanged them
They never called him by name, although he had one.
They never really had their own electorates to speak of.
They nursed you back to health when you were sick.
They offered no opinions, volunteered nothing, betrayed no emotions.
They often can arrange for test drives, too.
They often fail, however, to develop real abdominal, back, chest, shoulder and arm strength.
They overflowed the parking lot, making progress by automobile difficult.
They passed the marmalade, the bread, the black-market butter, back and forth.
They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl.
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap.
They predicted escalation, and escalation is what we are getting.
They put down their loads and turned back.
They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb
They put us in the back of a van with blacked out windows
They quickly realized they loved to work with children.
They realized that she wasn't just an ordinary pop star.
They refused to reveal if the claimant was South Asian.
They risk their lives as they bravely face the unknown.
They rushed him to the hospital because they thought he had a stroke
They said Arkansas could not stand to lose Fulbright's seniority.
They sat down and studied the summit ridge carefully.
They say she resembles me, dark hair, ponytail, very dark eyes
They sell oils, T-shirts, pictures and all sorts of paraphernalia.
They shook hands and threw their arms round each other.
They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
They should see what their competitors' Internet sites look like.
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith.
They sold fruit and sandwiches at local fairs.
They started on the 4th hole, a 220-yard par-3.
They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses, or at private homes.
They still don't have all the information to show that.
They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other
They surged around him, fingers pointing, eyes prying.
They take the professional income, slowly grow it, then invest.
They tell you objectively what customers like and don't like.
They took Elly Kedward out to the same kind of trees
They took his whole life away, Raymond McClurkin said.
They took me to the emergency room because I kept on throwing up
They took the issue as seriously as the debaters.
They tracked mud on the oaken floor, on the carpet.
They train the mink and other animals to fight.
They tried to keep this vote a secret I guess.
They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit.
They try to keep within the speed limits.
They try to play baseball the best they can.
They understood and teased me a bit about it.
They value McCaw's bid at $112 to $118 a share.
They want me to anchor the news tonight
They want to provide an intimate evening with people.
They want to see Jennifer in a good job, too.
They wanted clothes that allowed them to move around freely.
They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of 1162 Sixth Avenue.
They were a little late in getting home.
They were a much older group, possibly retirees.
They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee, pianist.
They were always trying so you got to expect it.
They were both walking towards each other, unhurried.
They were carrying loads of 22 kilograms with no oxygen.
They were clumsy, but they were beginning to catch on.
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse.
They were expected to have similar values and similar attitudes.
They were forced to flee for their lives.
They were found quickly and also went foster homes.
They were going to town, and they were both excited.
They were hunters with permission to go on nearby land.
They were in the center of the lobby now.
They were married nearly three decades ago in Santiago, Mexico.
They were not going to concede their crown just yet.
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable.
They were now a family of professional manufacturers.
They were now making 100,000 sweaters a month.
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them
They were silent for a little while, each looking glum.
They were simple but fierce, like lushly colored woodcuts.
They were tethered, army style, on stable lines.
They were the cars of the American dream.
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
They were tired, thirsty, and had no oxygen.
They were, in effect his last testament to non-objective art.
They weren't as well paid as they should have been.
They weren't good enough and that's my responsibility.
They won't even let you in the front door.
They won't never git over inter loyal western Virginia, them traitors!
They wondered if Avian Flu was the cause.
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant.
They would still be paid by the patient.
They wouldn't touch us with a three meter cattle prod
They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police.
They'll be in range in a short while.
They'll get your tray table in its full, upright position
They'll know right away the authorities are looking for us
They'll know they're not going to see everything on Sunday night
They'll move around that rock all day, following the shade.
They'll probably throw out the entire engineering department and turn their building over to us
They'll see images of the Pope with Fidel Castro.
They're also great to share with guests and kids.
They're also welcomed by a couple whose teams return intact.
They're both important plays to do in DC.
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences.
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated.
They're going after Rachel now, and I can't stop them
They're going to have to come over here and audition
They're going to say that you enticed Marsh, led him down a dark path
They're having a PE meeting at Headquarters tonight, come on down
They're nice little things - what do you do with them?
They're not afraid to use the word love.
They're not going to stop till you give me your number
They're not photographs, they're stories, entire histories captured in moments
They're not trying to have the parents come looking for the girl either
They're stable, loyal and generate a great referral base.
They're still doing a lot of yelling and pot-smoking but nothing to worry about
They're used to people in trees, not in a clearing
They're very sensitive at work about all this stuff
They're waiting for us, but let's keep this dream stuff between you and me
They've got nothing to lose and it's so very like them
They've had their chances and they've blown it, I think.
They've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's.
They've seen a formidable opponent become a beatable one.
They've still got to be able to sign his name
They, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers.
They, too, have fragments of the go code with them.
They, too, have links with the city's ills.
Thick black smoke poured from its chimneys into the sky.
Things like I was selfish, controlling, and dishonest.
Think fewer worksheets at the desk and more group exploration.
Think hard about the facts you need to know.
Think of your likely usage ever so carefully.
Think there's any truth to what he was saying about those girls?
Think you'll make it all the way to getting your wings?
Think, Reggie, you've got to think, it may be what we're looking for
Think, for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps.
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad.
Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut.
Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction, he later released him.
Third one
Thirteenth one
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training.
This absolutely needs to be a focus for us.
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
This also will cause unnecessary damage to the Peruvian economy.
This applies to repair work of winter storage.
This article gives you an insight into this medical condition.
This article is taken from The Wall Street Journal.
This article provides some information on surveillance cameras.
This bar's going to be packed with girls for you to pick from
This became a dance called Prelude To Flight.
This bill should be paid within 30 days.
This bird in a cage is gonna button his own pants from now on
This boy is the greatest pool hustler you ever saw
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long.
This can not be created until there is funding available.
This characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry, but not Ptolemy's astronomy.
This child let loose the beast from its cage
This circular edifice, constructed by Agrippa in B.C.
This contributes to me being an effective writer.
This could also be used for any other skin irritation.
This could be a past life experience intruding on the present
This could be moved to the definition section.
This could either be egg production, meat production or both.
This could go off in a month
This could never happen in my native Chicago.
This could well prove to be a dangerous oversight.
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss.
This country certainly didn't ask for it
This definitely falls into that higher category of art I was speaking of earlier
This device was easily manipulated to go anywhere and fast.
This did not go down well in conservation circles.
This difference is made up of many factors.
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1.
This doctor and wife, they're nice people, but they don't want to get too involved
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
This does give relief, as I can testify.
This does not allow the mystery to invade us.
This doesn't attack the duopoly, it just attacks parties.
This doesn't look like the kind of place Betty would go to
This easily takes care of dozens of small shrubs.
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns.
This exception is both irrational and contrary to federal law.
This experience will have happened to many of you.
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students.
This facility will take approximately one year to complete.
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that.
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.
This friend of mine once waited outside for two hours, couldn't get in
This from a man with much responsibility for today's crisis.
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?
This gave us forty-five cities, later reduced to thirty-eight.
This gift was not without a price, however.
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
This gives you a wide and varied choice.
This glittering whodunit is set during the Christmas holidays.
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting.
This hand's gonna be stroking the back of your neck tonight
This hand-gesture thing doesn't really work on the phone, does it?
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen.
This has given Oprah many great business opportunities.
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon.
This has subsequently been verified by the experience.
This has to stop or the fallout could be catastrophic.
This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English.
This helped reduce the routine cost of broken plates.
This helped them in nullifying the assault by IDF.
This hiatus has not been created by history itself.
This house is everything you want it to be!
This is A grade, one hundred percent pure Colombian cocaine, Ladies and Gentlemen
This is Baker's second game on the network this season.
This is Colorado after all, and we love being outdoors.
This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account
This is a destination dish if there ever was one.
This is a fine trip, too, on a good day.
This is a funny movie and a love story.
This is a man of sound judgment and wisdom.
This is a matter of respect for the Presidency.
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one.
This is a serious-minded interpretation, but it is never strait-laced.
This is a story about how you're totally in love with her
This is a turning point summer for you.
This is a very small town, people here have very straight views on sex
This is actually an extremely effective parasite, he said.
This is also my second year with Wingspan.
This is an amazing place with an amazing history.
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage.
This is an exciting young actor to watch.
This is an important decision for Juan De la Cruz.
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars.
This is an issue, for it divides people rather sharply.
This is an opportune time in their lives, she said.
This is an opportunity not to be missed!
This is bad, something might have happened
This is because they are at home in the Caucasus.
This is clearly the shoulder joint of a robot.
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
This is fascinating and you just want to run away
This is full evidence of your support for my principles.
This is good news for producers and traders.
This is his second failed run at state office.
This is just junk I have for sale or trade
This is like the death of a family member.
This is maybe worse than you and I are used to
This is my biggest insecurity, but also my biggest asset.
This is my mom and dad all over again
This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system.
This is no joke During your surveillance have you seen any outside agitators?
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
This is not a long, or powerful transit.
This is not the "feminist" or "angry girl" edition.
This is not the time or the place to have this same old discussion
This is not the way people who care for each other are supposed to behave
This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out.
This is one of the happier events of the season.
This is one of those things you have to do before you turn 30
This is only the beginning folks so stay tuned.
This is quite an extraordinary story unfolding here.
This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again
This is something unusual but not surprising, considering circumstances.
This is the atomic sun, the atomic nucleus.
This is the best day of my life.
This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week
This is the first step to eventually doing something.
This is the first time I am travellling internationally on my own
This is the first time anybody ever cried when I left
This is the issue of segregated schools in the South.
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election.
This is the key to the conquest of fear.
This is the kind of confidence they should be given.
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies.
This is totally unreasonable and absolutely will not happen.
This is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock.
This is very encouraging for the Bay Area.
This is what is missed by the MSM.
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition.
This is what you do: Go to the house to see her
This is where I walk and sit the most here.
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier.
This is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise.
This just happens to be a very big cliffhanger.
This kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course.
This kind of thing must happen to him all the time
This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment.
This land was blessed because of people of genuine faith.
This leads to a very special sense of urgency.
This library is filled with the world's great books
This makes Jennifer happy because she liked Selena.
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot, or one mission, weapon.
This man had been here for seventy-five years.
This man's isolation is not merely momentary, it is permanent.
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives.
This may feel a bit awkward
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like.
This meant that women spent a lot of time indoors.
This moment is fleeting because it's being chased by another moment
This needs to intensify in the time ahead.
This new integration is a critical step towards that goal.
This new position, however, gave the ropers a better chance.
This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry.
This one goes out to that redhead girl and that tall guy
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes.
This part of the equation would then become 4.
This part of town, they'll make us for heat the second we walk in
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal.
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking.
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling.
This place is still too cold for me, I want to change the room's temperature
This place needs room cleaning
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself.
This problem with Diego, the stolen car, the jail, is very silly business
This program focuses on finding mentors for students.
This project will be fully completed by November.
This property has a gas certificate and an electrical certificate.
This question runs deep through every demographic across the country.
This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself.
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be.
This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables.
This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem.
This result is preliminary, and work is continuing.
This resulted in a great number of errors.
This room doesn't have enough trouser hangers
This room feels humid, please turn on the AC
This room is too bright, dim all the lights
This room isn't warm enough, please increase the temperature
This room needs a coffee refill
This room needs a fan
This room needs another cup
This room needs thirty more pillows
This room needs three more pillows
This room needs to be slightly colder
This section highlights some of their events and achievements.
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read.
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals.
This shower cap is a little small so can I get a larger one please?
This solution is a work in progress, says Hill.
This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric.
This state of unawareness may not last much longer.
This stimulus package is meant to help the economy.
This store was only aimed at young people.
This story is beyond belief, which is perfect for us
This story is produced and presented by our sponsor.
This story widely spread and makes Min Mountain famous.
This summer was a hot one for commodities trading.
This sundae looks so good, I could eat the whole thing
This tactic was first adopted in Scripture by Lucifer.
This test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire.
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning.
This thing I'm on right now has something to do with underground pornography
This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead.
This time a bomb at an abortion clinic.
This time he turned westward, to the middle Atlantic coast of North America.
This time more of them hurdled the barrier.
This time no wire came whipping into the truck.
This time with a well dressed man with an alligator briefcase
This time, he did not need to persuade Luciano.
This time, he ended his relationship with her forever.
This time, however, the problem isn't cod, it's northern shrimp.
This tool can also be made with a lathe.
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles.
This two-part bridge is best described by Rev.
This uses electronic searches by product and by word.
This was a problem, because photographers followed Madonna everywhere.
This was a very warm, sympathetic girl, he decided.
This was an op-ed not a journalistic report.
This was bad news on a huge scale.
This was equivalent to 240 mg on a 24-hr.
This was finally supposed to be my big moment with her, but then reality came along
This was genocide as spelled out in the Genocide Convention.
This was less than a week before Mrs. Jones died.
This was long after Morse had left the house.
This was seen by millions of people on television.
This was taken off billboards in Arab countries.
This was the bitter end, and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure.
This was the message found tacked to the cabin door.
This was the negative side of the situation.
This was the worst thing I could have said.
This was their one chance to get to the top.
This was when he was Captain of the Black Pearl
This wasn't how I'd thought the night would turn out
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate.
This week Robert Castro celebrates fall in Sarasota.
This week, I want to focus on walking and running.
This weekend might be the beginning of something bigger.
This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful.
This went on for a good 15 years.
This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt willies
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking.
This whole thing's made me realize I miss being single
This wildly generous investment in the area is nothing new.
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall.
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements.
This will prevent flat falls and toe injuries.
This will probably be the last change to occur.
This woman is a convicted felon and a self-described sociopath.
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess.
This would never have happened to a white person.
This would put downward pressure on interest rates.
This would represent a real dollar cut of about 6%.
This year Anne Hone Rogers, outstanding Handler, judged the Class.
This year Northeast Connecticut Dental Associates was a Tent Sponsor.
This year sees $150 million allocated for the plan.
This year the choir's travel was a bit different.
This year the program emphasized "Boundaries" and "Telling Someone."
This year we're taking on two families to help.
This year, over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction.
This year, we party together, or not at all
This year, we'd like to try something a little different.
This year, we've got some great options for you.
This year, why not try a haunted vacation.
This, however, does not seem to slow him down.
This, you will remember, was still New Year's Day.
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951.
Thomas then scored on a single by Courtney Burns.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves.
Thomson says that she cannot see Enterprise Resource Planning disappearing.
Those big, romantic moments, they're great when they happen, but they're not real
Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night
Those five shots got you farther with her than your brain ever did
Those flowers have been taken up, and put back again
Those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process.
Those men know you have it just as surely as we do
Those men won't be very far away, no matter where you go
Those men, lying in the huts, they did not know.
Those nominated were given a chance to speak.
Those sentences are to run concurrently with the felony charges.
Those shots your associates got off may not have done him too much good
Those that argued the negative health effects, I agree with.
Those two US retailers have not yet been named.
Those were gross neglect of duty and abuse of power.
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination.
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered.
Those who would kill my country will be killed.
Though water wasn't potable, bottled water was provided.
Thought I'd bake it out in the sun.
Three Union guards appeared, carrying their rifles at ready.
Three additional people were there 5-8 minutes later.
Three agreed, but four declined and were suspended.
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings.
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases.
Three pillows to my room
Three seats are open on the board in November.
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube.
Three thousand dollar pearls for eight hundred dollars.
Three well-known brands appear in the top three positions.
Through the Spirit, God's love overflows into our lives.
Throughout history, Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia.
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe.
Thus, the need for the B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful.
Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state.
Tibet is too vast, the terrain is too difficult.
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France.
Tickets are available at all ticket offices in Baku.
Tickets for This Might Hurt are from 15 dollars to 26 dollars with concessions available.
Tickets to the COEX dress exhibition are sold out but do you have any connections?
Ticks can transmit Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Time Voyaging with "Alice Through the Looking Glass"
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom's allegations.
Time like this, is that what you really want to know?
Time something for me please
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work.
Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel.
Tired of driving to work and looking for parking?
To Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror.
To Stalin it was a matter of life and death.
To a Blackwell, there was only one church.
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness.
To an extent, the two even look alike.
To answer that question, we focus the lens upon Israel.
To be honest, not everything to follow would be perfect either
To be passive, to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd.
To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition.
To begin with, what is an interior designer?
To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible.
To do so, she has to help their parents.
To do that he gave him five sacred stones that had magical powers
To do this, he had to look beyond Italy.
To do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm.
To duplicate its network would be a daunting undertaking.
To further increase back flexibility, work on the back circle.
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
To get him to trust us, to get him to go on television
To go outside the few cities required permits.
To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts.
To have a good time with you until you have to go
To have refused would have been political suicide.
To him they were one and the same.
To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand.
To his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
To innocence, a word given is a word that will be kept.
To isolate it further could have two important consequences.
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill.
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps.
To listen to the views of the voters.
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl.
To me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life.
To me, it is more about attitude than anything else.
To me, it wasn't honest, and I want honesty.
To my way of thinking, he was scared sick.
To one and all -- Good Days ahead!
To prepare mustard cream, blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste.
To purchase tickets, visit or call the library.
To quote that SNL skit, what's up with that?
To register for this information session, email Thomas.
To release him from the carcel, it causes me much inconvenience
To renew America we must meet challenges abroad, as well as at home
To rise so high, in so short a time, is a dangerous occupation
To seal the wound, he took a poker from the fire
To see it that way takes a simple faith.
To see you again, thanks for helping me yesterday
To speak of Papa dying was a sin.
To step up the denomination's program, the Rev.
To stop bleeding, cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds.
To swim is true, and to sink is true.
To tell John something he would find out for himself.
To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.
To the ancestral lore, however, new materials were added.
To them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale.
To these people, Oprah was one of them.
To think I brought my daughters up on all things
To those people I say, 'Is it?' and usually, they say, 'Yes, it is.'
To throw in a new energy, it changes the dynamic.
To us, your form of life is ugly as we appear to you
To want to change is the third step.
To win big, sometimes you have to take big risks.
Today as an old order passes, the new world is more free, but less stable
Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army.
Today her voice will not interrupt her thoughts.
Today it is occupied by the French Embassy.
Today kids aren't as overly active as they once were.
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone.
Today she goes to see her doctor for a physical checkup
Today we witness many types of deviations in the society.
Today's campers want comforts, and they have them.
Today's offices are left for old fashioned 9-5 workers.
Today, Taylor is remembered as the father of scientific management.
Today, she is famous for many things in many countries.
Today, the famous actress is a famous singer, too.
Today, the main competition for online stores is physical stores.
Today, there are 77 units, all located in shopping malls.
Together in action the machines made an amazing sight.
Told you this season was a brick mansion already.
Tom Peters is a hard man to describe.
Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down.
Tom slid open the door to the lobby.
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested.
Tomas, she called him -- as the Mexican hands did.
Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward.
Tomorrow morning, you still want to go home, I'll drive you down
Tonight we celebrate the very best in broadcasting and the triumph of the human spirit
Tonight, we will make a memory that will never be tarnished
Too bad your number is in the directory.
Too many homicides are committed by people for ridiculous reasons.
Too many times was the truth of it, Winston thought.
Too often, unless he hails them, they pass him by.
Too proud to admit you're crazy about me, Dr. Jones?
Top dog, sleeping and eating right there with the Staff.
Top step of the front stairs, there's a loose stone
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention.
Totaling 3,400, sales jumped 14 percent over February's 3,000.
Touching our souls means wrestling with what makes us uncomfortable.
Tough times don't last, but tough people do, he said.
Tourism does not only benefit the individual operators.
Tourism is a critical part of our local economy.
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw.
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare.
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
Trading activity cooled off from Monday's sizzling pace.
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market.
Traditional news Today's technology Rosalie Oxford, Illinois, is the winner!
Traditionally CSIRO gets royalties and licensing fees for its work.
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing.
Training exercises were held in the East Village this week.
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions.
Transition is a reference to the company's five-year restructuring effort.
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts.
Travel agents who simply book air fares will disappear.
Treatment is usually medication, physical therapy and massage.
Trevelyan's excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones.
Tribes who were fighting each other are now joining forces against us!
Trouble is, none of his story was true.
Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me
True, ideas are important, perhaps life's most precious treasures.
Trujillo's dictatorship had been along conservative, right-wing lines.
Truly a garden that must be seen to be believed!
Trump could push some things without congressional approval.
Trump has called for lower corporate and income taxes.
Trump just seems unable to not say them.
Trump said he would appoint judges who would overturn it.
Trump would be a disastrous president, of course.
Trump, and horror like this, is entirely their doing.
Trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation.
Trust me Huey, this picture will be worth a thousand words
Trust us, this dressing will make your grandmother proud.
Try Carlson's Liquid Fish Oil with Lemon flavor.
Try an extermination spray to remove the bees.
Try obeying the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you
Try standin' in the door and hollerin: Mama I'm home
Try to keep the extra batteries for your aid around
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world
Tulane is back at home Tuesday night taking on UNO.
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet.
Turn air conditioner off for the room
Turn air conditioner on for the room
Turn air conditioner up
Turn chops over and spread with the remaining sauce.
Turn down air conditioner
Turn down air conditioner by one degree
Turn down air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn down room heating
Turn down room heating by one degree
Turn down room temperature
Turn down room temperature by one degree
Turn down temperature of the room by two degrees
Turn down the air conditioning of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating
Turn down the heating of the room by two degrees
Turn down the heating temperature
Turn down the lights, please
Turn down the thermostat as far as it can go, please
Turn heating off for the room
Turn heating temperature higher
Turn heating temperature lower
Turn heating temperature up
Turn heating up
Turn it off
Turn off alarm
Turn off heating now
Turn off room heating
Turn off screen with room status
Turn off screen with status of the room
Turn off the air conditioner
Turn off the alarm page
Turn off the concierge app
Turn off the heating
Turn off the help page
Turn off the in-room dining info
Turn off the list of amenities
Turn off the room status
Turn off the screen with the room status
Turn off the status of the room
Turn off the timer
Turn off timer app
Turn on all the central lights so that I can see better
Turn on an alarm for Wednesday 8 AM
Turn on an alarm for me for Wednesday 8 o'clock in the morning
Turn on heating now
Turn on room heating
Turn on the air conditioner
Turn on the heating
Turn room temperature higher
Turn room temperature lower
Turn room temperature up
Turn the heating down
Turn the heating temperature down
Turn up air conditioner
Turn up air conditioner by one degree
Turn up air conditioning temperature by one degree
Turn up room heating
Turn up room heating by one degree
Turn up room temperature
Turn up room temperature by one degree
Turn up the air conditioner
Turn up the air conditioner now
Turn up the heating
Turn up the heating now
Turn up the heating temperature now
Turn up the room temperature
Turn up the room temperature now
Turnover rates of personnel went up, production dropped, and morale was visibly reduced.
Turns out all I had to do was make it rain
Twelfth one
Twenty bedsheets to my room
Twenty-five years ago, before I was Dad, I had this whole other life
Twenty-five-thousand skilled workers in Mumbai potentially get better wages.
Twenty-four percent said they would select a local TV website.
Twenty-one people were also wounded in the attack.
Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days.
Two Towers is far superior, far more challenging.
Two companies and she had yet to graduate.
Two companies now had headquarters with Clark J.
Two days a week, Tuesdays and Thursdays, I go to college
Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money
Two martinis for lunch -- that was the trouble.
Two men can often do the installation in a day.
Two men were on duty inside, playing pinochle, relaxed.
Two minutes ago you told me I wasn't good enough for your daughter
Two months later, they were just outside the city.
Two more executives have resigned from wheat exporter air way bill.
Two of my body guards were arrested at their homes.
Two of our men were killed, a third was wounded.
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot.
Two of those shots would prove to be fatal.
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar.
Two other runners failed to finish the race.
Two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval.
Two poets are paired on each record, in the order given above.
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood.
Two public meetings have been held to elicit opinions.
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter.
Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display.
Two ships that pass in the night should always buy each other breakfast
Two single guys doing our usual single guy thing
Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river.
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind.
Two strip lights and 4 x 13 amp power points.
Two teen athletes beloved by friends, family and teammates.
Two thieves are crucified with Christ, one saved and the other damned.
Two tiny black dots on the snow, going strongly.
Two to one he dusts the keyboard for fingerprints the second he gets back
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts.
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart.
Two water bottles to room 25
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City.
Two women, one white and one black, as long as they have large breasts
Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
Two years of probation and restitution were also ordered.
Type Seoul into YouTube
U.K. sales for last year's quarter were about $3 million.
US Web trains people to use technology in business.
USA finished the tournament with a 7-1 record.
UVA Basketball Escape Route is what this road will be.
Uh, frankly, I spilled my guts about the treasure
Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own.
Uncle Tom still refers to it as the pineapple incident
Under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing
Under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia.
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts.
Undergrad students were not eligible to apply for the building.
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray.
Undertaken by 32 American scholars, under the chairmanship of Rev.
Undoubtedly, there was a good deal of gambling in both.
Unfortunately she kept her illness from me until all I could do was mourn her
Unfortunately, it has negative effect on the quality of play.
Unfortunately, most government officials are declining to sign a waiver.
Unfortunately, the other members of the team didn't like it.
Unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good.
Unfortunately, this church existed for centuries, causing innumerable difficulties.
Unique circumstances would test us all, he decided.
Unless I'm crazy as hell, they're two of Painter's dicks.
Unless it's the end of the night, and then you get on anything
Unless, of course, one is allergic to that scent.
Unlike Wilson, who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism.
Unlike the first group, Finch and Bruce liked using oxygen.
Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you
Unlucky for you, there was no Victoria at my wedding
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home.
Unpack Christmas spirit after Thanksgiving dinner Sleigh bells are ringing.
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.
Unsure of intellectual property rights, Svarny-Livingston's documentation remains unpublished.
Until both of them calm down I'm not getting involved
Until our dying days, we'll remember everything about that night as perfect
Until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things.
Until you are returned to Spain where you will be judged
Up to date she is a grand-looking filly.
Upgrading measures can still save you and the country.
Upstairs, busy feet, showering like raindrops, pattered around her room.
Upstairs, the bride's room has launched uncounted weddings.
Urge them to write out their questions for the box.
Use a sinker just heavy enough to hold the bottom.
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week.
Use caution when bathing infants and young children.
Use common sense everywhere you go, she said.
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk cafe?
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges.
Using oxygen, the three British men reached the Col first.
Usually reserved, Gleason became animated around her friends, Butters said.
Usually, our outside game is just as strong.
Usually, they titter loudly after they have passed by.
Vancouver compares badly with many places he's been.
Vastly relieved, Summers nodded and started toward the door.
Venture capital doesn't often find its way into agriculture.
Very carefully, he got them out and put them on.
Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos.
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers.
Very vigorous ones can be hard to control.
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside.
Victoria Dahlia Society - See the 66th Annual Flower Show.
View the concierge screen
Viewer scores will count for half the final result.
Violence always made him tired, but he was not frightened.
Virtual desktop environments could offer substantial support cost savings.
Visually, these approximated what he was feeling within himself.
Volume dipped to 3 million shares from 4 million Monday.
Volume was 1million shares, down from Monday's 2 million.
Volunteers can sign up for opportunities through this calendar.
Vote early and often for your favorite player.
Vote for those who put the environment first.
Voters are allowed one text-message vote per week.
Wait a minute, you think those three men killed Charles, don't you?
Wait here, I should go taIk to the band
Wait here, we'll let you know if we need you
Wait up there for me, I wont be long.
Wait, we have to go in here for a second
Wake me up at 9PM tonight
Walking around the new hospital building leaves one quite impressed.
Wall heater, extractor fan and half tiled walls.
Want to know more about adult coloring books?
Want to know the check-in time for the hotel
Want to travel to the Bay for a Bite?
Wants to get to her booze, I guess.
Wants you to clear your stuff out of his office in Town Hall
Warm clothing and bedding, of course, are essential.
Wars and famine are not created by overpopulation.
Wars will always force large numbers of people to flee.
Was Benetton not just a family, but the Family?
Was it just a toy for a rich man?
Was that how you intended this story to be received?
Was that what had given way in me?
Was the man drunk or crazy or both?
Was there any need for childish name calling?
Was there personal gain for any of them?
Wash the hair with clarifying shampoo, and then section it.
Washed, they came out surprisingly clear and bright.
Washington Square seems not part of a free land.
Wasn't she getting her PhD in Native American culture?
Watch closely while browning them, as it doesn't take long.
Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight.
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date
Watching the fear grow in their eyes, knowing in their hearts I wasn't human
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully.
Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet.
Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped, panting heavily.
Watson raced for him, his boots slamming the soft earth.
Way Off Broadway has chosen Oklahoma for its fall production.
We agreed to be friends, and now you're making it all confusing
We all know what is going to happen.
We all know when it is going to happen.
We all used to hang out at this one bar called MacLaren's
We all would miss the mark in preservation.
We already have courses covering those problems, and so on.
We already have the only one of its kind.
We also enjoyed camping and traveling in her white truck.
We also need to start saving the town's money.
We also want to reward the grower for better qualities.
We always had field hockey nationals in the spring
We always strive to be the best that we can.
We always thought we would die with our boots on.
We and our friends are, of course, concerned with self-defense.
We are a modest, one income family with 2 kids.
We are a nation under God, not Satan.
We are adding two officers because of these efforts.
We are all involved in them, deeply involved.
We are almost done using up the shower gel
We are also adding a new advert system.
We are always the ones to lead the trend.
We are certainly hoping to continue our work.
We are creating a safe place without alcohol and drugs.
We are encouraging employers to take a pro-active approach.
We are going to be rushed and murdered.
We are going to keep running the race.
We are going to see more consolidation definitely.
We are international businessmen on a very important international business trip
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
We are looking for a fancy brunch restaurant that is still affordable
We are looking for a nice brunch location with a good atmosphere
We are looking to eat at a fancier Korean barbecue place for dinner
We are not asking to be an insular people.
We are officially finding ways to do corruption.
We are only worried when the house catches fire.
We are planning on going to a night market so do you have any suggestions?
We are so gonna win the costume contest this year
We are soldiers and our only duty is to win
We aren't sure what the future plans are.
We averaged 4-6 hours of sleep per night.
We began by declaring that all men are created equal.
We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments.
We believe that a strong, vibrant community is important.
We believe that the purpose of science is to serve mankind
We came on as soon as we could.
We came up with some unusual results on your blood test
We can buy whatever else we want for snacks and breakfast
We can die, too, we can die like real people.
We can get rejected by supermodels any night of the year
We can just wait until you get back
We can only eat at kosher or halal restaurants so any recommendations?
We can prosecute the New York Times, go for an injunction
We can reverse this trend starting right now.
We can see that with a hypothetical example.
We cannot, of course, assign it any substance.
We caught the early train to New York.
We come here for the latest in news and entertainment!
We committed to eliminate all forms of discrimination against women.
We could buy an apartment, send our kids to good schools
We could go down and get our blood tests tomorrow
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow.
We did not accept the diagnosis at once, but gradually we are coming to.
We did turn up some interesting stuff on this character you mentioned
We didn't abandon you, Pete, we just thought you was a toad
We didn't pace it out so we could come back and get it
We didn't realize it till after we bought them
We didn't really get a chance to meet
We didn't want to announce anything till we knew for sure
We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests
We do it because it matters for the kids.
We do one for good faith and then we talk about airplanes
We don't all eat bananas with our feet, ya know
We don't even know if they can play our song
We don't have enough people to get them in the air
We don't have the funding or the time-frame.
We don't have time to look at a hole in the ground
We don't have to put ourselves through this again, Dick
We don't just know in our heads that we're angry.
We don't need to know the opening hours for the gym 
We don't need your help we're doing great on our own
We don't none of us want no trouble.
We don't resent you for taking Halloween as your own.
We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again.
We don't want to mess things up for Lily
We dug a hole and we put her in it
We enter a refreshing balance and equilibrium in life.
We environmentalists "got something back in return," he said.
We expect bestowal of God's love through him.
We feel our depth is a strength here, said Hunt.
We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didn't crash.
We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand
We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood
We found a tunnel that leads to a temple below the palace!
We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand
We get out of this alive, maybe I'll take that miracle cure of yours
We go after him and he escapes again.
We got better as the meet went on.
We got into bed with each other in the room
We got to get moving: I got to get up there
We got to one house where there were five secessionists.
We got you fixed when you were a puppy!
We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks.
We harness energy on a small scale by cutting magnetic lines of force
We have a lot of science knowledge in this country.
We have a tightly scheduled evening of awesomeness ahead of us
We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty
We have an hour-and-a-half before midnight, and I don't wanna be kissing him
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds.
We have both, endless beaches and incredible infrastructure.
We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people.
We have confirmed division of troops from different armies all around the world
We have confirmed divisions of troops from different armies all around the world
We have forty eight hours, the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions
We have kicked off our membership drive at this time.
We have never wished to cause upset to local people.
We have never worked a gig together but I am a firm believer in preparation
We have no such problem, of course, with documentaries.
We have nothing to lose by making her an offer
We have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own.
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory.
We have similar views on the balance of power
We have to be here for the big moments
We have to find out who that girl is
We have to imagine the impossible and expect the unexpected.
We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!
We have to lead them slowly into the twentieth century
We have to solve the problem of poverty.
We have to vet them all for prison behavior, right?
We have too many items that don't fit in our luggage
We have velocity change drills we work on every day.
We haven't had anything to eat all day.
We hear Jennifer but we don't see her face.
We hope to match that this year, said Karl Townsend.
We just chitchatted, and I borrowed her lipstick
We just earned a huge chunk of story
We just got released and we're heading back on the next flight
We just got rid of that thing in your kitchen
We just keep them here and keep them quiet for forty-five minutes
We just stuck with it and stayed positive.
We just think the more brewers the better, Cohen says.
We just won't have the money to keep you in school
We keep getting the same ones back again and again.
We know our land more than the European, he said.
We know young taste, and young people who practice sports.
We leave notes for each other by the coffee pot.
We like to run a nice quiet place.
We live in an apartment with swords on the wall
We lose a lot of them when they become dehydrated.
We love all of our children equally! agrees Charles.
We loved his stories and his fishing adventures.
We made sure she knew we were there for her.
We make a deal or I come out and hand this phone to Mickey
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices
We make three finger lids and sell them on the beach
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this.
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment.
We may take her with us -- to California.
We met, came to terms, and the research began.
We might as well be hauling suitcases across the border
We might hit a bump and the gun might go off
We might just as well have been shaking hands
We move into my dad's house in Staten Island
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice.
We must change hiding places, and change them continually
We must follow the law of the land.
We must have gone a hundred miles an hour
We must maintain a working government in a time of crisis
We must move the entire hospital by tomorrow night
We named it the East Arkansas Chapter of Ducks Unlimited.
We need a large taxi that can carry five passengers
We need a refill for our shampoo
We need an extra bathrobe
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff.
We need someone with the right kind of experience, Lonnie
We need something that everyone can get behind
We need to access a handicap parking spot during our stay
We need to build a healthy economy around coal byproducts.
We need to cut down on our intake of sugar, as too much sugar is not good for our bodies
We need to invest in some markets for the future.
We need to take a hard look at Turn-out.
We needed to move further into foreign markets.
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
We now have certain squares with three corners on C.
We only just started being friends again
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
We ordered her favorite Chinese food for dinner.
We passed his house and school on the way.
We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass!
We practically paying him for the privilege of playing his club
We pray to Krishna to help us find the stone
We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that
We realize how dedicated you've been in helping others succeed.
We really stuck the knife in her, didn't we, Bert?
We really try to get the word out.
We said we'd always be there for the big moments
We sat for a while drinking in silence.
We saved money and prepared for unforeseen circumstances.
We send shovels, cement, nails, and corrugated iron for roofs.
We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl
We should be out in a bar getting in fights
We should call him and pretend to be the redhead
We should go out and just get fricking weird
We should have talked to them a long time ago
We shouldn't be defensive about this, he said.
We shouldn't stop black people from buying them.
We shove off as soon as Griff reports all the crew aboard
We sold only four pickers all last year.
We spent on roads, sewers, schools and health.
We still gotta run the drill before we walk in that lobby
We still had to put it to the test.
We survived and grew successful because of our brains.
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw's.
We took for granted his source of energy was nuclear
We turn away from Him and go our own way.
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away.
We want him back there or we want him dead.
We want oil refinery and we want zero pollution.
We want some restaurant recommendations around the Namhansan Fortress area
We want the power to determine the destiny of our Black Community
We want to browse shops selling trendy clothes and handmade fashion accessories
We want to end the robbery by the white man of our Black Community
We want to get Rachel out of there in one piece
We want to learn about some good local eateries that are close to the hotel
We want to look for a place that sells Korean antiques
We want to visit Seoul's best food and night markets
We want to visit a dog and cat caf梨?in Seoul
We want to visit a nice teahouse and learn about the Korean tea ceremony
We went once more over every point, then triple-checked.
We went to every goddamn place Del mentioned and no Betty
We went up 25 million bushels from our previous forecast.
We were calling you stupid and you got so mad
We were fighting to see who gets the apartment
We were gonna take E, have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert
We were in Queens and we decided to stop by my apartment
We were in a field, in a tight, screeching turn.
We were never thought all this in school.
We were off the road, gleaming barbed wire pulling taut.
We weren't that good but we were entertaining.
We will examine you and the others, discover desirable features to incorporate in our 'earth colonizers.'
We will have to make them come to us
We will see who gives in first, I will leave my door open
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries.
We would like an ice refill for our room's mini bar
We would like some more room amenities
We would like to see a Korean B-boy dance performance
We'd be just getting there now, all tired and cranky
We'd like to talk to you about something.
We'll agree they saw a woman but she wasn't the lady we talked about
We'll be by to pick him up in ten minutes
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off
We'll come back to Havana later in the broadcast.
We'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what ifs
We'll get it in a hurry and get it out.
We'll get that face of yours cleared up in no time
We'll go on loving that beach, she said.
We'll go out to dinner and have a drink and I'll bring her back
We'll have them check the registry for anyone named Victoria
We'll hit the library first and fan out from there
We'll just go in for one minute it'll be a riot
We'll never get out of here alive if you don't
We'll never have to see any of these creepy faces ever again
We'll pay for the girls and have a good time. Don't you trust me?
We'll say that Sharon is at Redmond, Washington.
We'll see what happens in the next few years.
We'll shut the mother down right at the capitol, in front of the cameras
We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it.
We'll work at night and in our spare time.
We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes
We're all lined up at the mall, waiting for the grand open
We're all so happy to see these kids.
We're creating a model we hope is sustainable.
We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment
We're finding it increasingly around the country, he said.
We're going back to nature, you and I. I'm going to retrain you
We're going to come at you with mass force.
We're going to keep this whole thing nice and quiet
We're going to use the trip to get to know each other better
We're gonna figure it out, we're gonna bring a goddamn end to it
We're gonna nail your ass to the wall on this one
We're in this together and I need to know who my partners are
We're just getting them to come out for forty-five minutes
We're just little tiny soldiers getting moved around on a desk
We're not even two hundred strong yet but we got it guessing thousands
We're not sneaking into a high school prom
We're not supposed to enjoy anything about it.
We're off in search of an ancient and exotic city.
We're on the brink of a very serious cash flow problem
We're probably looking at a desperate situation, he said.
We're ready, his mom Crystal told me two weeks ago.
We're supposed to get married after I get my wings
We're ten minutes away and moving as fast as we can
We're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period.
We're trying to communicate with them on all frequencies but we're getting nowhere
We're trying to locate a deranged fan of yours
We're two of the most frightening people I've ever known
We're unfortunately already seeing what the alternative has to offer.
We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery.
We've asked ourselves that over and over a thousand times
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry.
We've been starving and I don't like to starve.
We've been through too much together, Buddy. We belong together
We've been up here for the past hour making complete asses of ourselves
We've been working on it now for about nine months.
We've found it at every event site we've been to lately
We've gone into those games and played very well.
We've got a few bottles left and we've yet to tap the kegs
We've got some food on the trees, thank the Lord again
We've got some pretty good dancing daddies in Nash County!
We've got to get to Amanda before it's too late
We've got to make sure that Cody's ready to go.
We've got to try and burn out the venom, just like a rattlesnake bite
We've had proof for years we believe, he said.
We've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment
We've no proof, of course, but we rather think so, yes
We've used up all the body lotion
Wearing a uniform doesn't bestow an automatic monopoly on courage, Commander!
Wearing ski clothes, he was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the Carnival.
Wedding Venues in Manchester, Vermont Your love can move mountains.
Wedding vows need to be real commitments, like our vows
Well I ain't had it easy either, boys
Well I had to go to home but now I'm here and I'll be right back
Well I was absolutely enraptured, Mr Young said.
Well Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't
Well as the Rey says, God helps those who help themselves
Well if anyone's gonna protect Malcolm's legacy it better be us
Well if you're not gonna fire me I might as well quit
Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?
Well that's fine, but I only have one thing
Well the decision wasn't taken lightly, he said.
Well there is a lot of offensive speech out there.
Well this is going to end your career and probably mine
Well, Florida it's your chance to right this wrong.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you
Well, I appreciate your offer, but we got things pretty well under control
Well, I believe you when you say you go to school
Well, I can't say I think very much of a silly law like that
Well, I didn't see him anymore, I'll tell you that much
Well, I feel I owe you something for all this
Well, I got a seat, but I have no place to put it
Well, I guess he just hasn't met the right woman
Well, I guess it's safe to put on some lights now
Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates
Well, I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those
Well, I just wanted to say they're gorgeous and he's gonna love them
Well, I realized that she wasn't interested in me
Well, I say you'll never learn how to make a good pudding
Well, I suppose they've been having a bit of trouble with some of the equipment
Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time
Well, I thought marriage was about two equal partners sharing a life together
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you
Well, I'm better friends with him than you are
Well, I'm only an employee, I ain't married to him
Well, I've got a million questions about the area
Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic
Well, I've just been able to get off that Norway coast so far
Well, I've seen her pictures, and I don't think she's so hot
Well, Jeffrey, you found something which is very interesting to us
Well, Wendell, with all due respect, that don't make a whole lot of sense
Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you
Well, as I remember it, we had an argument
Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moon
Well, at least we both have someone to kiss at midnight
Well, boys, looks like it's just the three of us
Well, daughter of the slums - how did you get out of the ghetto?
Well, except for the goat in my bathroom
Well, have you seen enough, or would you like a photograph?
Well, he who finds the Grail must face the final challenge
Well, heck, I'll tell you anything you want to know
Well, her grandparents are down in Oklahoma, but that's it
Well, if I'm going to die, I might as well do it for my country
Well, if I'm in, I should get the next round
Well, if he needs a transplant, he can have mine
Well, if it's not yes then it's a no
Well, if she doesn't want to come, I'll come down alone
Well, if the pay's right and it's legal I'll do it
Well, in any case, Rocky, I'll send you my book
Well, it sounds like you're having a lot more fun than I am
Well, it was a piece of luck running into you, Duane
Well, it was a place, a street corner, I think
Well, it'll go great with my I just love it
Well, it's not up to you to decide whether she's innocent or not
Well, it's silly, but if you want to, why don't you?
Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff
Well, just tell her I called and tell her that she's awesome
Well, let's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us
Well, let's just call it a compliment and move on
Well, look, let's just have a few drinks
Well, maybe in a week when she gets back from Orlando
Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours
Well, she got out of here somehow because she's not here
Well, she wanted me to buy enough groceries for the whole week
Well, she's leaving tomorrow and this may be the only moment I'm gonna get
Well, that's funny, 'cause your brother throws like a girl
Well, the bad news is we only made 25 bucks each
Well, the crew is confined to the ship when we land at Clavius
Well, then we're going to take that power away from those bastards
Well, then, did you ever get any indication that she wanted to leave her husband?
Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis
Well, those swords have been up there a long time
Well, time to buck up and see what she found.
Well, to get back to the problem of retirement.
Well, we need to know what it is we're callin' for here
Well, we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that
Well, we're taking a little vacation, that's all.
Well, well, I'll have to put my thinking cap on about all this
Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
Well, whatever there is, whoever's dealing, however it's done, I want to know
Well, who was it that taught me how to do that?
Well, why don't I just say black so you can say white!
Well, you could make this table a little less wide
Well, you didn't appreciate the severity of it until recently
Well, you didn't get your prince, and there goes your diamond
Well, you got a lot of games lined up for me?
Well, you got to admit we come a long way
Well, you know, the whole world is just going nuts
Well, you shoulda because nobody's going to believe you didn't including me
Well, you're not getting your play done, but you're certainly covering a lot of territory
Wells Fargo's return on equity increased to 24.4% from 23.8%.
Wendigos are great liars and tricksters, according to the stories
Were there any changes in your diet or your weight lately?
Were there menu changes at the expansive brewpub?
What I did know was that Precious was always around.
What I have to say may sound a little unusual
What I should do is just tell him who Victoria is, so he can be happy
What I'm offering is the chance to have this much fun
What I've seen in life, it takes a lot to hold my interest
What U.S. state's motto is 'Live free or Die'?
What a great way to give back to your community!
What a long strange trip its been indeed!
What a lovely morning she said dreamily, "what a perfect morning."
What a wonderful start to a courageous season.
What about the guy you set her up with?
What add-ons can I add to my spa package at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What address can I give for my takeout order delivery?
What am I supposed to do if I lost my passport?
What amenities are available in this hotel?
What amenities are available?
What amenities could I use?
What an enchanting picture you paint of our future together
What are all the bus numbers going to Gwanghwamun Square?
What are all the menu items of the hotel's Palais de Chine?
What are prices of each service and package at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What are some cheap but good restaurants we can eat at?
What are some common parking laws of Seoul that I must know?
What are some cool things I can buy at Dongdaemun Fashion Town?
What are some craft activities we can do as a family at Bukchon Village?
What are some good biking trails in Seoul aside from the Han River?
What are some of the features of this particular room?
What are some of the things I can do through the home display?
What are some smaller, less-known temples that offer temple stay visits?
What are some things I can be doing at this hotel?
What are some things I should be aware of regarding my stay at this hotel?
What are some things I should know about this hotel?
What are the BOUTIQUE SPA's policies on reservation changes and cancellation?
What are the age requirements to use the sauna?
What are the best rated restaurants around the hotel and Myeongdong station?
What are the best restaurants in the Yonsei University area?
What are the differences between the different colored buses in Seoul?
What are the different lights I can control through the screen?
What are the digits to call the front desk?
What are the dimensions of this hotel room?
What are the dining options of the hotel?
What are the foods that I absolutely must eat before I leave Seoul?
What are the health requirements to use the hotel gym?
What are the hotel spa's hours and days of operation?
What are the hotel's parking policies and parking fees?
What are the hours for the PALAIS DE CHINE and MARQUE D'AMOUR?
What are the hours for the hotel pool?
What are the hours for the sauna?
What are the ingredients that go into a ginseng chicken soup?
What are the luggage fees charged by the airport bus service?
What are the main attractions available at Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What are the most popular Korean foods and where can I eat them?
What are the most popular food souvenirs I should think of taking back?
What are the most recent updates on hotel facilities?
What are the names of the products that were used in my spa package?
What are the opening hours for the hotel pool?
What are the operating hours of the FITNESS?
What are the possible side effects of this medicine?
What are the qualifications of the personal trainers at FITNESS?
What are the rates to use the sauna?
What are the steps to reserve a conference room at this hotel?
What are the things we must do if we are going to Bukchon?
What are the times for the hotel gym?
What are the times for the hotel sauna?
What are the times for the hotel swimming pool?
What are the wifi details for the room? 
What are tourists' most favorite and popular tour stops in Seoul?
What are we not allowed to take with us to the DMZ?
What are we to understand by the term, "critical politics"?
What are you doing here in the middle of the night
What are you going to be when you grow up?
What are you going to do now that you're home?
What are you going to do, tell me how to write a play
What are you planning to do when they got here?
What are your policies on service animals inside the hotel?
What are your reasons for seeing Doctor Clark today?
What areas of Seoul can I wear a costume to on Halloween?
What attractions can we visit when we go to Cheonggyechon today?
What barber shop in Seoul is popular with young women?
What better way to keep customers loyal to your company?
What better weather for a party that fall weather.
What brand of tea does the TEAPLACE serve its guests?
What breakfast options do you offer? I want to eat in bed
What bus do I have to take from the hotel to get to Lotte World?
What bus number do I have to take to get to Lotte World?
What business is it of yours where I'm from, friend?
What cafes do you recommend I visit if I am a huge coffee fan?
What can I do at the 63 Building besides eating?
What can I do if I lost my airport shuttle ticket?
What can I do if I misplaced my car parking ticket?
What can I eat at this hotel right now?
What can I eat on the Hangang tour ferry cruise?
What can I have for room service?
What can I order for room service?
What can I see if I go on a boat tour of Seoul?
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior?
What can we do around the city at nighttime that is also appropriate for children?
What can we do with the general T?
What can you tell me about child care services at this hotel?
What can you tell me about the hotel facilities that are available in this hotel?
What can you tell us about it in regard to your artistic intent?
What can you understand, I want to know, of the law?
What celebrities could you see wearing your pieces?
What channels do I get on the TV in my hotel room?
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle.
What complimentary services come with a monthly membership at FITNESS?
What could be worse than disappointing a little girl?
What country's cuisine does the L'Amant Secret restaurant serve?
What credit cards does this hotel accept? 
What cutting-edge facilities does the hotel offer?
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon?
What day is the best day to visit Insa-dong and Gwanghwamun?
What dessert shops should I try out if I like ice cream?
What desserts can I eat if I am lactose intolerant and allergic to soy?
What details do you have about check in time?
What details do you have about check-in time?
What details do you have about the check-in?
What details do you have about the check-out?
What details do you have on hotel check-in
What details do you have on hotel check-out
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903?
What did I care if some hump wants to beat off to that
What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something?
What did that translate to, in practical terms?
What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up?
What did you guys taIk about in there, anything interesting?
What different treatment options do you have at your sauna?
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months?
What do I absolutely have to do before I leave Seoul next week?
What do I have to do to become a member of FITNESS?
What do I have to do to get a straight answer around here
What do I need in order to rent a bicycle from the city?
What do I need to do if I need to cancel my spa treatment appointment?
What do I need to know before checking in to the hotel?
What do I tell a source on the next tough story?
What do bars accept as ID in Seoul to check for age?
What do locals eat when it gets very humid and hot?
What do the pretty college girls like on their plates?
What do the punters think of the Budget?
What do you do - you and your tongue-tied friend?
What do you do when you aren't making ice cream?
What do you expect a man to do when he's called such names?
What do you expect to get tonight, anyway?
What do you recommend I do if I want to experience ancient Korean culture?
What do you say to flying out and giving me a hand?
What do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers?
What do you want me to do, just step out in the alley?
What do your instincts tell you to do now, kid?
What documents should I bring in order to check-in?
What does Dr. Clark want to know before he gives Laura a prescription?
What does Seoul sell cheaply that I won't be able to buy as cheap anywhere else?
What does it take to keep Arkansan beautiful?
What does it take to restore a pool?
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
What does the room status look like at the moment?
What does this guy have to say that threatens these people?
What does your current cooperation in this area entail?
What eSports games or events are happening in Seoul this weekend?
What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say?
What else do you know about her?
What else does Dr. Clark want Laura to do?
What evidence is there that he was psychically blind?
What exactly do people do when they go to jjimjilbangs?
What exactly does Dongdaemun Market have and is it very different from Namdaemun?
What exactly does a Korean-style spa entail and where can I try it?
What exactly is included in the tour package for the DMZ?
What exactly is on display at the Children's Museum of National Museum of Korea?
What exhibitions are showing today at the Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What facial at the hotel spa do you recommend for sensitive skin?
What facial should I have at BOUTIQUE SPA if I want a lot of moisturizing?
What facilities does the hotel have?
What famous restaurants are within the area of the hotel?
What fees should I be aware of before checking out?
What floor can I find FITNESS on in the hotel?
What floor do I check-in at? 
What floor is the front desk located for check-in? 
What floor is the indoor swimming pool located on?
What floors of the Lotte Department is open to shoppers and guests?
What follows is my take on the trip.
What foods do you recommend we get on a hot day?
What form of ID do you accept for check-in?
What form of payment is acceptable during check in?
What fun you two must have had, playing games with me
What good does that do, it's the old will?
What group exercises and events are going on today at FITNESS?
What gym equipments can be found at the fitness center?
What hair color is the most popular with clients at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What happened at work? What happened to Laura after that?
What happened on 9/11 is one of them.
What happened was there was this party at my parents
What happens if I forgot to bring my ID to check-in?
What happens if the name on the reservation doesn???match my ID?
What happens if you suddenly run out of things?
What happens when her favorite team loses a game?
What has this to do with the present?
What have I done? asks the ruler, at a loss.
What have we to show by way of counter-successes?
What healthy options can you provide for in-room dining?
What high intensity cardio programs do you offer at FITNESS?
What hotel facilities are available during the evening?
What hotel facilities are available if I want to pamper myself today?
What hotel services are offered to me when I stay at this hotel?
What hours does the valet parking service run for?
What if I brought you, let's say, fifty thousand dollars?
What if I can't do any of those things?
What if I want to extend my stay for another few nights?
What if in the future the three of us do something grand for humanity?
What if my name doesn't match the name of the reservation? 
What if the Tiger Shark were to anticipate a bit?
What if you do throw something to the people they really want?
What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles?
What in God's name am I to do with you?
What in-room dining service do you offer?
What in-room dining service is available right now?
What information can I have about check-in?
What information can I have about check-out?
What information can you give me about checking-in into this hotel?
What information can you give me about the check out?
What information can you give me about the check-in?
What information can you give me about the check-out?
What information can you give me to prove that this hotel is amazing?
What information can you provide me regarding check-in?
What information do you have about hotel check-in?
What information do you have about hotel check-out?
What information is available on the home screen?
What information is available on the main screen?
What is FITNESS' best fat losing program I can do?
What is FITNESS' policies on membership cancellation before the half-mark period?
What is a good korean barbecue restaurant that can hold a large group?
What is a good place to visit if you are a Kpop fan?
What is a traditional Korean food that is popular in the winter?
What is available to eat right now?
What is he doing here at this hour?
What is included in room service?
What is it you call him, the Cinderella Man?
What is it you thought you saw on that tape?
What is room temperature right now?
What is the AC's lowest temperature setting?
What is the BOUTIQUE SPA's policy on appointment changes and cancellations?
What is the WiFi password for my room's internet service?
What is the age range for a chlid's ticket to Children's Grand Park?
What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby?
What is the best option for outdoor exercise  in this city?
What is the best room temperature for sleeping?
What is the best route to get from Sinchon to Samgakji?
What is the best way for us to tour the city?
What is the best way to get to Lotte World from Mokdong?
What is the best way to hail a cab when away from the hotel?
What is the cheapest route to Myeongdong from Gangnam station?
What is the cheapest way I can get to Dongdaemun market from the hotel?
What is the check-in time?
What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds?
What is the cost for laundry services?
What is the currency rate for Canadian dollars to Korean won?
What is the current condition of this room?
What is the current room temperature
What is the current room temperature?
What is the customary tipping procedure in Seoul restaurants?
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations?
What is the difference between Sky Park and Haneul Park?
What is the earliest time I can check-in to the hotel? 
What is the effect of all these plastic cluster
What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate?
What is the elevation of St. Louis, MO?
What is the entrance admission fees to the Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What is the fastest way to check-in to the hotel? 
What is the fastest way to get to a KTX station from here?
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world?
What is the front number?
What is the group fitness program schedule like at FITNESS?
What is the heaviest free weight you have at FITNESS?
What is the history of Seodaemun Prison and what is the building doing now?
What is the hotel spa's policy on appointment changes and cancellations?
What is the hotel's dining information?
What is the hotel's policy on guests bringing pets to the hotel?
What is the hotel's protocols on outside food delivery to hotel rooms?
What is the indoor temperature of the workout room in FITNESS?
What is the largest number of people you can seat at one table at TEAPLACE?
What is the latest check-out?
What is the legal drinking age and driving age in Seoul?
What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill?
What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility?
What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S.?
What is the maximum weight of your resistance machines at FITNESS?
What is the minimum age requirement to check into the hotel?
What is the minimum age requirement to use the swimming pool
What is the minimum amount I have to order from McDonald's to get free delivery?
What is the most comfortable way to get to the airport from the hotel?
What is the most common gift that tourists take back?
What is the most popular spa treatment at the hotel?
What is the name of William Penn's ship?
What is the name of the chef that heads the cooking at Exquisine?
What is the name of the closest subway station to the hotel?
What is the name of the fastest WiFi network for room 404?
What is the normal check-in time? 
What is the number for the front desk?
What is the number registered in case of emergencies?
What is the number to dial out for calls on the hotel phone?
What is the password for the room wifi?
What is the percentage of water content in the human body?
What is the place of big business in society?
What is the price for guest laundry service?
What is the price range of products sold in the Ewha area?
What is the price range on the foods and drinks at Marque d'Amour?
What is the probable course of future developments?
What is the recommended thermostat setting in the winter?
What is the region where there are a lot of plastic surgery clinics?
What is the right temperature for the AC during the summer?
What is the sales tax rate in New York?
What is the significance of the statues at Gwanghwamun Plaza?
What is the status of the curtains?
What is the street address of the White House?
What is the subway station closest to the Trick Eye Museum?
What is the tallest building in Seoul and what can I do there?
What is the temperature at the center of the earth?
What is the theme of the Palais de Chine restaurant at the hotel?
What is the time for check-out?
What is the weather for today?
What is the weather forecast for Monday?
What is the weather generally like here near the end of August?
What is the weight of the heaviest dumbbell at FITNESS?
What is the wifi password for the room?
What is the wifi password?
What is the wifi speed for this room?
What is there about us that makes us so anxious?
What is there to do at Culture Station near Seoul Station?
What is there to eat?
What is this shit you're talking all of a sudden?
What is today's weather?
What is your intended purpose of your visit to the United States?
What is your least conservative estimate of spending money per day per person?
What kind of a chump do you think I am?
What kind of a crowd will I find dining at the Palais de Chine?
What kind of a deal can you give me at FITNESS?
What kind of accommodations does the hotel make for people with dietary restrictions?
What kind of amenities can I find here?
What kind of dishes do they serve at the restaurants on the top of Namsan Tower?
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz?
What kind of facilities are available for me in the hotel?
What kind of food does the L'Amant Secret serve exactly?
What kind of information can I find on the main screen?
What kind of information is Dr. Clark trying to get from Laura?
What kind of music do you usually play at FITNESS?
What kind of perks do you think local politicians get?
What kind of services and help can I receive at the Seoul Global Center?
What kind of stuff do you guys do together?
What kind of water do you use at the spa for face and body treatments?
What kinds of amenities does this hotel have?
What kinds of attractions and stores are in the Lotte World?
What kinds of barbell clamps do you have in stock at FITNESS?
What kinds of crafts can we participate in at the Korea Cultural House?
What kinds of dining options can I choose?
What kinds of equipment and amenities does FITNESS have for guests?
What kinds of foods are served in the Michelin guide's "innovative" restaurants 
What kinds of hydrotherapy baths does the BOUTIQUE SPA provide?
What kinds of locks do the lockers at FITNESS use?
What kinds of products do they sell at Common Ground?
What kinds of questions do I have to answer on the BOUTIQUE SPA questionnaire?
What kinds of resistance and strength machines does the hotel gym have?
What kinds of rides are open at Everland and suitable for young children?
What kinds of services and items does the hotel FITNESS provide?
What kinds of shows are being shown at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts?
What kinds of shows do they show at Nonverbal Performance Venues?
What kinds of stores and stalls are at Namdaemun Market?
What kinds of stores are at Lotte Mall that's not in Shinsegae?
What kinds of teas are offered at traditional teahouses in Insadong?
What kinds of the facilities does the hotel have?
What kinds of things are shown at the War Memorial in Seoul?
What kinds of things can I expect to see at the National Folk Museum?
What kinds of unique items will I find at Itaewon Market?
What languages are the Seoul walking and bus tours offered in?
What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me.
What little I had is long gone and they's bill aplenty to pay yet
What local affiliations does this hotel have that we might enjoy?
What lounge in Seoul do you recommend for a girls' night out?
What lounge or bar do you recommend for birthdays in Itaewon?
What makes it so damn sad is that you couldn't confide in any of us
What makes this hotel unique, please give me some information
What makes you think I have any clean shirts at my place?
What massage package do you recommend for the winter at BOUTIQUE SPA?
What mode of payments do you accept during check in?
What musicals in Seoul have received high reviews, both English and Korean?
What new features do they want you to add?
What non-alcoholic beverages can I order?
What number do I dial for room service?
What number is registered in case of emergencies?
What online tools are available for checking out?
What options are available for in-room dining?
What options are available in the hotel food for vegetarians?
What options does the hotel offer for guests who need long-term parking?
What other fees will the hotel charge during checkout?
What other forms of identification does the hotel allow for check in?
What other good mountains are available in the Seoul area besides Bukhansan?
What other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial?
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets?
What planet is known as the 'red' planet?
What price would you pay for a good working dog?
What primary colors do you mix to make orange?
What problems do they want you to fix?
What prompted you to get involved in climatology?
What restaurants around the hotel are still serving at this time of night?
What restaurants can we eat at that are within walking distance of the hotel?
What restaurants can you suggest that serve good local food?
What restaurants do you recommend we eat at during our stay?
What restaurants would you recommend to someone who enjoys Korean-Japanese fusion?
What right had John to any special consideration?
What roads should I take if I want to go from Samgakji to the Mokdong area?
What room temperature is the room right now?
What say we get these crazy kids back together
What services does the hotel offer?
What services does this hotel have?
What sets the book apart from other business books?
What shall we gain by fighting one another?
What should I avoid doing to have the most authentic experience in Seoul?
What should I do about it, I asked myself?
What should I do if I misplaced my valet pass?
What should I do to make the most of my time in Seoul?
What should I know about using the safety box?
What should I say when I arrive at the front desk to check out?
What should I take with me if I am going out to Seorae Village?
What should President Obama take from your book?
What side dish can I have with my tea at the TEAPLACE?
What sights will I see if I go on the Seoul Tour Bus circuit?
What slipper sizes are available?
What sorts of training equipment and weights does FITNESS have?
What spa services specifically tailored for men does the hotel provide?
What spas in this area do you recommend?
What special offerings do you provide for bridal showers at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What sports games can we watch at the Jamsil Sports Complex?
What stops does the Seoul City Tour Bus make in total?
What temperature is the sauna?
What temperature should I set my AC?
What the hell do you think baseball is?
What the hell else do you want from a guy?
What the hell kind of a nurse are you, anyway?
What the hell was he up to now?
What then, are the factors that contribute to these phenomena?
What they are after is the beatific vision.
What time am I allowed to check-in?
What time can I check-in for my reservation
What time can I check-in?
What time can I check-out?
What time do I have to check in?
What time do most locals eat lunch and where do they like to eat?
What time do you recommend I go to BOUTIQUE SPA for a massage?
What time does the Lotte World close on Fridays and Saturdays?
What time does the Palais de Chine take its last orders on Saturdays?
What time does the Seoul subway start operating and ending?
What time does the breakfast menu end?
What time does the gym close tonight?
What time does the gym close?
What time does the gym open?
What time does the morning yoga class start and when does it end?
What time does the sauna close?
What time does the sauna open?
What time does the swimming pool and sauna close on Saturdays?
What time does the swimming pool close?
What time does the swimming pool open?
What time is Laura???appointment with the doctor?
What time is Laura?셲 appointment with the doctor?
What time is check in?
What time is check-in for today
What time is check-in?
What time is check-out for my hotel reservation
What time is check-out for today
What time is check-out?
What time is the check-in for the hotel reservation
What time is the check-in? 
What time is the check-out for the hotel reservation
What time is the last call for the hotel bar?
What time is the latest check-out?
What time will I be able to check-in?
What time will I be able to check-out?
What time will the Marque d'Amour start serving today?
What time will the first 150 bus start operating tomorrow?
What time would the gym close on Sundays?
What times do the hotel restaurants open and close today?
What times does the spa open and close on weekends?
What to do about it now that he was President?
What tools can I use to cut my nails?
What transferable skills can you bring to another job?
What treatment does the BOUTIQUE SPA offer exclusive to men?
What type of cuisine does the L'Amant Secret specialize in?
What type of drinks are available by the hotel swimming pool?
What type of information can I find from the home menu
What type of information can you share about this hotel?
What type of pillows can I request?
What type of room am I staying in?
What types of amenities does the hotel offer?
What types of body wraps do you have and how much do they cost?
What types of hydrotherapy baths do you provide at the spa?
What types of shows and exhibitions are going on at COEX?
What types of teas from Mariage Freres does the TEAPLACE offer?
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
What was President Lyndon Johnson's reform program called?
What was the name of that olive oil company?
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley
What was will be, what is will be no more
What we don't know is what you guys have been smoking
What we don't need is more condos and overpriced apartments.
What we need is more vocational training in high schools, not more dropouts.
What will I say when she comes to the door?
What will be the final symmetry of the good society?
What will my gym membership at FITNESS provide for me?
What will the main menu show me?
What will the weather be like on Monday?
What will you do when the well runs dry.
What would a Mitt Romney presidency mean for veterans?
What would an approximate total be for dinner at the Palais de Chine?
What would she do that made it hard to resist?
What would you have done if I hadn't responded to your call?
What would you suggest if I wanted to do something relaxing?
What would you think if somebody told you a story like this?
What would you think if we went there to live for a while?
What would you think, in the middle of the night?
What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves?
What you do is as important as anything government does
What you don't understand is, I don't give a damn about how this thing looks
What you don't want to imagine is the things I've done
What you say and opine will be acceptable to others.
What you think is: how will I be regarded in the end?
What you want is to offer him the wooden chair
What'd you have in mind when you stoled it in the first place?
What's available for in-room dining?
What's available for room dining?
What's available for room service?
What's faster? Checking out at the front desk, or online?
What's good enough for mom is good enough for me?
What's important for me is that you let me risk my life for nothing
What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood?
What's it doing here in the middle of the foundation?
What's not to like about the American people?
What's on the room service menu?
What's the absolute last minute in which I can check-out from this room?
What's the air conditioning status?
What's the average February temperature in Seoul during the day?
What's the best room temperature to sleep comfortably?
What's the big deal about you being on the street?
What's the check out policy?
What's the current temperature of the room?
What's the difference between room darkening curtains and sheer curtains?
What's the drinking age at your hotel?
What's the earliest time I can check-in?
What's the extension number for the front desk?
What's the fastest way to check-in to the hotel? 
What's the fastest wind speed for the AC?
What's the fee to check out late?
What's the last song you listened to on your iPod?
What's the latest time I can check out of the hotel?
What's the latest time I can order room service?
What's the most you've ever lost on a coin toss?
What's the name of the restaurant that was rated the best in Michelin magazine?
What's the number to call the front desk?
What's the password for this room?
What's the process for checking into the hotel?
What's the purpose of having sheer curtains?
What's the right temperature for the heater during the summer?
What's the room temperature now?
What's the room temperature?
What's the status for the room heating?
What's the status of the AC in this room?
What's the status of the room temperature?
What's the status on the air conditioner?
What's the temperature like at 8PM
What's the weather like at 3PM?
What's the wifi password for this room?
What's there to eat around here?
What's up ahead is all that's left of their tribal lands
What's your hosting company's customer service experience like?
What's your thought after you saw that tape
What, contradict me again, after I gave you time to recollect yourself
What, you don't think you'd need my help?
What? The dress I wore to my actual prom
Whatever the reasons, Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith.
Whatever this is, it clearly responds to human emotional states
Whatever we ask for, they bring it here.
Whatever you're not an action hero
Wheat has long been an important crop for the state.
Wheat, soy, rice and other minor crops are involved.
When I came on this job, I came with my word intact
When I come out, they recognize my smell, he said.
When I get enough money saved, I plan to go on to college
When I go off to college, that's the end for us
When I grow up I'm going to become a nurse or a veterinarian
When I read this, it better not make me look bad
When I saw the house, this field was under four feet of snow
When I tell you to walk, you walk.
When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard
When I was there with you, her diary, in your attic, in silverware
When Jack sees they've got Rachel HE'LL tell them what they want to know
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen?
When a dealer's profits went down, GM didn't know why.
When a girl runs out like that, she generally wants to be followed
When a match is found, an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage.
When am I allowed to check-in for my room?
When am I allowed to check-in?
When am I allowed to check-out?
When are Seoul's peak tourist visiting months out of the entire year?
When are the lunch and dinner hours at the hotel lounge restaurant?
When are the lunch and dinner times for the Palais de Chine?
When are we going to start looking for our apartment?
When can I check into the hotel?
When can I check-in for my reservation
When can I check-in to my hotel?
When can I check-in to the hotel?
When can I check-in?
When can I check-out from the hotel?
When can I check-out to my hotel?
When can I check-out to the hotel?
When can I check-out to this hotel?
When can I check-out?
When can we visit Gyeongbukgung palace on Friday or Saturday?
When checking out, I would like an itemized receipt
When checking out, do I need to return my card key?
When could I check in?
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President?
When did Laura???mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When did Laura?셲 mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When did Laura’s mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When do I check-in?
When do I check-out?
When do I settle payment for my stay? 
When do most people here eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner?
When do pubs and alcohol-serving restaurants generally open and close?
When do the buses and subway trains stop running in Seoul?
When does the fitness center close during the weekday?
When does the last 100 blue bus run on Fridays?
When does the monsoon or typhoon season start in Seoul?
When does the sauna close usually?
When he had to get on his knees to put my boots on?
When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented.
When he saw Tommy sitting alone, the tinkling sound stopped.
When is check-in for the hotel?
When is check-in?
When is check-out for hotel reservation
When is check-out for the hotel?
When is check-out for the reservation?
When is check-out?
When is the BOUTIQUE SPA the least busiest in serving clients?
When is the Seoul International Fireworks Festival and how long does it go for?
When is the artists' flea market open today at Hongdae?
When is the ashtanga yoga class happening at FITNESS today?
When is the best time to go and see the Lantern Festival today?
When is the check in time for the hotel today?
When is the check in time?
When is the check-in time at the hotel today?
When is the check-out for the hotel reservation
When is the check-out time for the hotel today?
When is the check-out time?
When is the county gonna start payin' a rental on my horse
When is the earliest time that I can receive spa care here?
When is the last time you been in a classroom?
When is the latest check-out today?
When is the latest time I can check-out from this room
When is the traffic in Seoul the worst and when is it the best?
When it is needed, one formula is as important as another.
When magazine illustrations were replaced by photographs, everything changed, again.
When may I check out to the hotel?
When may I check-in to the hotel?
When may I check-out to the hotel?
When people say come and visit, they meant it.
When police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
When should I check out?
When should I check-in?
When should I check-out?
When somebody sets me up like that I can't resist
When someone says "basil," what comes to mind?
When stories were sad, she sometimes started to cry.
When suitably lighted, what would it look like?
When that failed, he said, they wrote their letter.
When the book was published, he was very worried.
When the final war between our races comes, who do you want leading the charge?
When the jury sees this, no matter what Cutler tries, they'll convict him
When the neon sign faded out, the shadow disappeared.
When the rebellion first began, there were not even shades of opinion
When the stories were happy, she was clearly happy too.
When the student has learned well, the teacher is no longer necessary
When the work was finished, we would walk.
When there's something to move, it's too easy not to
When they got to Shillong, in Assam, he was happy.
When they know you've got something to protect, that's when they fuck you!
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal.
When they lost this rock their fields and animals died
When they reached the South Col, they could hardly walk.
When they're finished, they move on to other projects.
When they're in trouble, it's always her who gets them out of it
When this linear draft is completed, I dust it down to a faint image.
When those cops get a look at her they'll even contribute
When was the true golden age on the small screen?
When we praise God, we're cultivating the best possible habit.
When were you planning on informing the rest of us!
When will I get the results of the blood test?
When will I get to check my bill?
When will Laura get the results of her blood test?
When you ask for his help, please ask him to help me build a doll house also
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long
When you get back, I'll try to make sense of it for you
When you get to twenty, I'm gonna sock you right on the nose
When you go to Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to watch the game
When you graduate, we want you working with us
When you jumped in the bay, you didn't know where you were
When you meet someone special, suddenly life is full of firsts
When you move down to my place, I'll show it to you
When you play for me, I pick up all the tabs
When you see me, call me and I'll walk you through the exchange
When you start with that attitude. it's like I don't know who you are
When you want something you have to do whatever it takes to get it
When you were gone last year where were you?
When you're here, in the city, where do you live?
When you're less fatigued, things just naturally look brighter.
When's the last time either of you did something good?
When's the latest time I need to be checked out by?
Whence, then, comes the substance of the first man?
Whenever human dignity is wounded, civilization takes a step backward.
Whenever she comes over for dinner, you guys are so obvious
Whenever you're shooting people, shoot at eye level.
Where I do not know, but I know it's gonna be long
Where are Seoul's largest game corners and arcade stores located?
Where are some places to avoid during the monsoon season in Seoul?
Where are the best Korean barbecue restaurants along the Cheonggyechon walkway?
Where are the best duty-free department stores to shop at in Seoul?
Where are the best happy hour drinking spots in this neighborhood?
Where are the best lounges, clubs and bars in Gangnam?
Where are the best places in Seoul to travel alone?
Where are the best restaurants or bars near the hotel?
Where are the most highly recommended plastic surgery hospitals in Seoul?
Where are the most picturesque places in Seoul that is good to take pictures in?
Where are the most popular shopping centers in this part of Seoul?
Where are the most recommended places to eat at Rodeo Street?
Where are the most romantic places to go for couples?
Where are the most scenic places in Seoul for seeing the autumn trees?
Where are the nicest hiking trails that I can finish in half a day?
Where are the writers to treat these changes?
Where are today's intellectuals and what preoccupies their minds?
Where are your competitors winning business from you, and why?
Where can I book spots for a Hangang Cruise for today?
Where can I buy Korea's best acne care makeup and products?
Where can I buy Pony Effect makeup in Myeongdong or Yongsan?
Where can I buy alcohol like soju near the hotel?
Where can I buy official Larva products in Seoul for my kids?
Where can I buy some books in Korean, especially Korean language learning books?
Where can I eat if I have both a nut and shellfish allergy?
Where can I exchange money when I am away from the hotel?
Where can I find Seoul's best patbingsu and green tea desserts?
Where can I find all the details for the checkout?
Where can I find an international ATM machine that I can use?
Where can I find clubs that are more exclusive than the ones at Hongdae?
Where can I find handmade leather artisanal goods in Seoul?
Where can I find information about sheer curtains?
Where can I find the best coffee and cafes in Seoul?
Where can I find the best quality baby formula and food in Seoul?
Where can I find the check out info?
Where can I find the menu for room service?
Where can I find the number in case of emergencies?
Where can I get a custom hanbok made tailored for my size?
Where can I get a large and affordable brunch in Seoul?
Where can I get delicious desserts like crepes and waffles?
Where can I get dinner for less than ten dollars near the hotel?
Where can I get dishes like the ones I had at Gebang Sikdang?
Where can I get free WiFi with good connection in Seoul?
Where can I get more information about the Korean skincare regimen?
Where can I get some pencils?
Where can I get the best affordable Korean stationary products?
Where can I get the best green smoothies in Seoul?
Where can I get the money leftover on my transportation card?
Where can I get the most authentic Italian-style pasta in Seoul?
Where can I get the most delicious chicken skewer street food in Seoul?
Where can I go if I want to have a smoke?
Where can I go to celebrate Christmas and New Year's in Seoul?
Where can I go to learn more about ancient Korean culture and society?
Where can I go to meet the exact opposite of myself?
Where can I go to shop for Korean clothing brands?
Where can I have a picnic in Seoul tomorrow with nine people?
Where can I have the best street food in Seoul?
Where can I learn more about the Korean War and its history?
Where can I learn more about the famous Korean video art creator?
Where can I make a reservation for a massage?
Where can I pick out good gift sets for friends and family?
Where can I purchase a swimming suit so that I can go to the pool?
Where can I purchase basic items like sunscreen and hand lotion?
Where can I purchase some traditional Korean and Asian herbal medicine?
Where can I receive safe and regulated Korean acupuncture treatment?
Where can I rent a bicycle for a day's use in Seoul?
Where can I report unreasonable prices charged to tourists by a restaurant?
Where can I see all the information I need regarding this hotel?
Where can I see the largest collection of Joseon dynasty artifacts?
Where can I shop for affordable quality electronics in Seoul?
Where can I shop for luxury brands that are exclusive to Korea?
Where can I shop from traditional Korean stores at reasonable prices?
Where can I take art classes for traditional Korean calligraphy in Seoul?
Where can I take my girls shopping for stationary and dolls?
Where can I view contemporary and modern art in Seoul?
Where can Kpop lovers go to buy merchandise and listen to music?
Where can my children stay while I receive my spa treatment?
Where can we dress up in traditional Korean clothes and costumes?
Where can we eat after our trip to the Mural Village?
Where can we eat dinner after shopping in the Garosu-gil area?
Where can we eat fresh seafood like fried fish and lobster?
Where can we find the highest class of nightclubs and lounges in Seoul?
Where can we get some decent coffee near the hotel?
Where can we go after we shop at Dongdaemun Night Market?
Where can we go to watch a movie near the hotel?
Where can we have the best Korean fusion foods in Seoul?
Where can we try making our own celadon pottery in Seoul?
Where can we try on some traditional hanboks and take pictures?
Where can we try the best traditional Korean liquor like makgeoli?
Where can we watch a show with traditional Korean music and instruments?
Where can we watch traditional Buddhist monk ceremonies in Seoul?
Where could I leave my bicycle if I brought one?
Where did he say he was going to meet you?
Where do I call to get room service?
Where do I call to report an accident or crime?
Where do I find real local food near the hotel?
Where do I get cardboard boxes?
Where do I get off on the Incheon Airport highway to get to the airport?
Where do I request room service?
Where do Korean celebrities go to get their hair and style done?
Where do coffee fans get their brewed coffee in Seoul?
Where do college students like to hang out during the night?
Where do female college students like to go shopping for clothes and accessories?
Where do foreigners usually go when they get ill in Seoul?
Where do we have to go to see Korea's oldest and most important artifacts?
Where do wealthy and young Korean women like to shop in Seoul?
Where do you get the best work done?
Where do you put these ghosts once you catch them?
Where do you recommend I visit in order to have the best time here?
Where do you recommend that couples go to in Seoul?
Where do you think the voice you heard was coming from?
Where else am I ever going to find another girl?
Where else can I meet smart women in Santa Fe?
Where exactly is the airport shuttle going to stop to load passengers?
Where exactly would we go after the movie?
Where had they actually been, when he saw them?
Where in Seoul can I watch a Broadway musical in Korean?
Where in Seoul can we eat that is affordable and kid-friendly?
Where is Running Man filmed in Seoul and are they filming this week?
Where is a nice place to take someone out on a date?
Where is a very scenic place where weddings can be hosted?
Where is the Hello Kitty World and what can I do there?
Where is the National Palace Museum of Korea in Seoul?
Where is the best affordable shopping area for tourists in Seoul?
Where is the best hip hop music bar in Seoul that we can go to?
Where is the best park in the neighborhood to take a walk in?
Where is the best place in Seoul for one stop shopping?
Where is the best place the buy a lot of Korean snacks?
Where is the best place to celebrate the Lunar New Year in Seoul?
Where is the best place to eat good street food in Seoul?
Where is the best place to go shopping duty free in Seoul?
Where is the best place to see the Fireworks Festival in Seoul?
Where is the best place to shop for Korean beauty products?
Where is the best shopping area and which subway stations will get us there?
Where is the closest convenience or grocery store  from the hotel?
Where is the closest pharmacy to the hotel where I can buy cold medicine?
Where is the closest supermarket I can go to from the hotel?
Where is the concierge located? I need to check-in soon 
Where is the gym located at?
Where is the largest underground shopping area that I can shop at?
Where is the largest zoo in Seoul that I can take my children to?
Where is the most affordable and trendy shopping locations in Seoul?
Where is the most luxury and expensive shopping area in Seoul?
Where is the most popular areas for tax free shopping besides the airport?
Where is the most popular place to take pictures of the autumn trees changing color?
Where is the nearest Shinsegae Department Store from the hotel?
Where is the nearest bank where I can take out money?
Where is the nearest protestant church that provides English language service?
Where is the plastic surgery hospital where Korean celebrities go to?
Where is the seolleongtang restaurant in Mapo that was in the Michelin magazine?
Where is the service information?
Where must I go to report my passport and wallet missing?
Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss.
Where she goes and what she does, before I got involved with doctors
Where should I go to try the most authentic Korean food?
Where should we go to buy from smaller, independent designer boutiques?
Where there are pipes, they construct sand walkovers.
Where there is a victim, there is a killer.
Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later
Where were you planning to stay during the two weeks that you're here?
Where's the most authentic place to go shopping for a local specialty, especially artisanal handicrafts?
Which Hyundai department store in Seoul is considered the main one?
Which Korean cosmetics company caters the most to dark-skinned people?
Which TEAPLACE Mariage Freres tea do you recommend if I want something fruity and herbal?
Which TEAPLACE tea from Mariage Freres has the highest caffeine content?
Which amusement park has more extreme rides: Lotte World or Everland?
Which are the most generous countries in the world?
Which area of Namdaemun market sells cheap clothes and accessories?
Which area of Seoul has the highest concentration of independent fashion boutiques?
Which attractions in Seoul are best for kids ages six to ten?
Which between Palais de Chine and L'Amant Secret has the larger breakfast selection?
Which bus number from Noryangjin Fish Market hits Seoul Station?
Which credit cards are accepted during check-in?
Which curtains should I close to darken the room?
Which dessert cafes in Hongdae serve cold drip coffee and cream cake?
Which exit do we have to come out of at Gyeongbokgung to visit the Palace?
Which floor is the hotel gym located?
Which is better: taking the 500 bus to Myeongdong or the train there?
Which is great and everything, but I can't imagine having this much fun over there
Which locations in Seoul were used as settings for Korean dramas?
Which market or store should we visit to buy good quality household items?
Which means you can't be more than five or ten minutes from here
Which means, you owe me, so there we were
Which museum or gallery can we visit to view traditional Korean art?
Which museum would you recommend if we want to see historical artifacts?
Which nightclub would you recommend that is fun and safe?
Which of Seoul's Michelin restaurants serve food with organic ingredients?
Which of the hotel restaurants has the lower-priced dinner and drink options?
Which of the hotel restaurants is the least busiest right now?
Which one are you gonna tell him?
Which one between Palais de Chine or L'Amant Secret has the better dinner option?
Which one is closer to the hotel: Incheon International or Gimpo?
Which one of the hotel's restaurants is the one that won an award?
Which one of the popular Korean cosmetics brand uses the most natural ingredients?
Which one of us is elected to do the deed?
Which one of you can pass this test?
Which palace do you recommend I visit if I can only visit one?
Which park is closer to our hotel: Lotte World or Children's Grand Park?
Which restaurant inside the hotel is the most highly rated by guests?
Which restaurant serving fusion Korean Italian food do you recommend?
Which room darkening curtain is closed now?
Which room of the hotel is the free breakfast provided in?
Which shopping mall in Seoul is the largest and has the most stores?
Which spa treatments will help the most with muscle tightness?
Which stop do I get off at if I take the 500 to Myeongdong?
Which subway line do we go on to get to Hongdae?
Which subway station do we go to for the Spring Flower Festival?
Which university is famous for being backdrops of Korean dramas?
Which way should we go to reach Centre Restaurant near Myeongdong station?
Which wifi can I use now?
Which, of course, makes for an enjoyable read.
While I'm at it you can be getting that tape off the lady
While temperatures will remain cool in the day and night.
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial, nationalism is more variable.
While unhealthy tissues will conduct pulses differently, producing different readings.
While you went off for a few beers with your friends?
While you're at it, You can give me the switchblade, too
Whistler makes the weapons, I use them, the vampires die, end of story
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own.
White's suggestion flattered, but he did not like the identity.
Who am I who am I gonna high five then?
Who are the creative representatives of this movement?
Who are the victims of the device quacks?
Who can I talk to if I did not enjoy my meal at Palais de Chine?
Who can help me arrange tours for my trip?
Who can talk about trust in the absence of transparency?
Who do you think is going to be Prometheus?
Who do you think should be Hanna's Rodeo Queen?
Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up?
Who is allowed to use the swimming pool and FITNESS at the hotel?
Who is the man to take His place?
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms?
Who is to blame in such a situation?
Who made it, or under what circumstances it was made
Who needs logic or rethinking of the issues?
Who says houses need to have windows and doors?
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?
Who should I give my valet ticket to so that I can get my car back?
Who should I talk to at the spa if I have medical or allergy concerns?
Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?
Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers?
Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV?
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration?
Who was the first vice president of the U.S.?
Who was the first woman governor in the U.S.?
Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station?
Who's the most sorry for everything they've done?
Who, then, is of sufficient stature to lodge with Lenin?
Whoever hits him'll be hit, if those men are any good
Whoever said there was life after politics was full
Why are so few of us doing something?
Why are students being punished for seeking an education?
Why are these climbers so interested in him?
Why are you not involved in private equity?
Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the U.N.?
Why can't I seem to find any casinos in the Seoul area?
Why can't you just lock the doors and go to bed?
Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else?
Why couldn't you just tell him to let us in?
Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?
Why did he want her to go to church?
Why did they rush him to the hospital?
Why did we think we had to do it all so fast?
Why did you care that we were there of all places?
Why did you leave that stuff in about you being the director?
Why did you say she might be hiding from me?
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off?
Why didn't you call in for backup instead of making a grandstand play?
Why didn't you do what your friends wanted and just, get rid of me?
Why didn't you just take the money off Luther and split?
Why didn't you tell us about the party you boys were planning at the capitol?
Why didn't you wait at the Burch house?
Why didn't your brother tell you that Nathan was having an affair?
Why do I always have to speak to you in Czech?
Why do I have to check out at the front desk?
Why do I have to take my shoes off at the inner Gyeongbokgung palace?
Why do girls like that always like guys like that?
Why do the taxis charge me more in the night than in the day?
Why do we force our 'gifts' on Afghans and Iraqis?
Why do we need a two-lane paved road?
Why do we need bigger and better bombs?
Why do you have those suitcases and who are we picking up?
Why do you have to make things so complicated?
Why do you think I sent it home in the first place?
Why does Laura want to see Doctor Clark?
Why does everyone here but me have a gigantic stick up their ass?
Why does everyone here but me have have a gigantic stick up their ass?
Why does it allow casinos to advertise at ballparks?
Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?
Why don't we go with the first one on the list
Why don't we just make it tomorrow night?
Why don't we lower the temperature of the room by 5 degrees ?
Why don't we try to keep politics out of the conversation
Why don't you ask the new substitute weekend anchor?
Why don't you give me a jingle in the year 2000?
Why don't you hang on and I'll see if she's here
Why don't you just drag me off if you want to marry me so much?
Why don't you just take it easy before this gets out of hand
Why don't you just try lying down and get some rest
Why don't you lock up and buy me a sub?
Why don't you quit now, you want out so bad?
Why don't you step into the office and we'll talk about it
Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest
Why don't you take off, leave Springwood and cool out somewhere for a while?
Why don't you give him a call, and see whether he has some free time
Why don't you give him a call, and see whether he has some free time
Why else would you toss a commodity like me out the window?
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life?
Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them?
Why is France failing to prevent terror attacks?
Why is he in your care, and not a proper prison?
Why is it so different in regard to birth control?
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?
Why is that hard for him to grasp?
Why is the AC blasting? I want to turn it off
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile?
Why is the world worried about one man?
Why is this simple concept so difficult to practice?
Why isn't my phone connecting to the wifi?
Why isn't my wifi working?
Why isn't the room cold right now? Please turn up the AC
Why isn't this room at room temperature? It's too cold
Why must South Africans brutally murder other Africans?
Why must we award damages up to today?
Why not apply it to law enforcement as well?
Why not have them travel the state in November debating?
Why not, it'll confuse that gotta do something
Why she doesn't charge him, I don't know.
Why she married him I do not know.
Why should I respect something which has outlived its purpose?
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now?
Why should Martha write down all the things she needs to buy?
Why should naming her be so suggestive and expressive?
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry?
Why were these deals made and kept under wraps?
Why would Jack Hewitt do that, shoot Twombley on purpose?
Why would you want to be a doctor if you're already an accountant?
Why wouldn't I want to go out with you?
Why you have punch and cookies with them.
Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy
Why, for example, does he favor two tempos, rather than one, for the third movement?
Why, he's going to kill me, he thought wildly.
Why, it's news when Anne  ets her fingernails manicured, but this!
Why, that's his main reason for making the dive.
Widen the East River Drive at least one lane.
Wildcat keeper Emily Thompson only had to make three saves.
Will FITNESS personalize each workout session to what I need?
Will I really be able to dig him a grave?
Will I run into a lot of traffic at Hangangdaegyo around 6 PM?
Will I settle the payment for my stay during the check out? 
Will Korean cinemas show American animated movies in English or with dubbing?
Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity?
Will customers' changing demands force you to develop new capacities?
Will he go on-camera and talk about the Mexico City branch?
Will it be cheaper for four people to take a taxi or bus to Myeongdong?
Will it be faster to have a valet park for me?
Will my credit card be put on hold until I check out?
Will that economic agenda come from a vibrant tech community?
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?
Will the front desk send me additional amenities if I call them?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using my computer?
Will the hotel allow me to check out using the phone?
Will the hotel allow me to check-in without a passport?
Will the hotel make a copy of my ID during check in? 
Will the hotel place a hold of the full amount of my stay on my credit card during check in? 
Will the hotel provide me with an itemized receipt upon checkout?
Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence?
Will the reception desk hold my luggage for a small fee after I check out?
Will the view be something you can live with?
Will the weather today be good enough to go to a mountain?
Will there be hi-speed internet at the lounge?
Will we stay in parts of the customs union?
Will you call me later to talk with him
Will you darken the room?
Will you decrease the temperature of the room by 10 degrees ?
Will you exit out of the main screen for now?
Will you forgive me for what I just said?
Will you help me cancel my food order?
Will you help me check out of the hotel?
Will you let the McDonald's deliveryman for room 8011 past reception?
Will you make sure the room temperature stays below 63 degrees Fahrenheit?
Will you make this room colder?
Will you need my confirmation number during check in?
Will you obstruct this, or will you help?
Will you please make the temperature of the room to 53 degrees Fahrenheit
Will you quit the home display since I'm done looking at it?
Will you reduce the temperature by 7 degrees ?
Will you send a police car to twelve hundred road?
Will you stop acting that way and bring me the purse?
Will you tell me more about the hotel's laundry service policy?
Will you turn off the lights near the bed?
Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
Williams, Duluth, Ga., is an insurance and financial-services holding company.
Williamson's Pro Hardware donated the first event prizes.
Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's.
Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged.
Winner will be picked at random and notified.
Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
Winston had been surprised at her for that.
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall.
Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink.
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron.
Winter Storm Warning 6am tomorrow - noon Friday.
Winter forage crops are starting to be harvested.
Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too
With Maria and me, there's never any problem.
With Mickey Spillane, you get what you pay for.
With Mr. Brown???help, I can finish it in no time
With Mr. Brown?셲 help, I can finish it in no time
With Red Hogan, he rode to the Welcome Cafe.
With a large spoon fold in the dry ingredients.
With a laugh she beat me to the bathroom.
With a little of the Bill of Rights thrown in
With a whirling jump, it could get into gear.
With all this unrest the building will be open day and night!
With difficulty, Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship, and they sailed from Iceland.
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air.
With his club foot he might well be grateful.
With incredible ferocity, he brought his fists together and struck.
With just the hydrogen of our bodies, we could run the world for years.
With minimal support for women leaders, unions remain patriarchal.
With most of his mind he was happy.
With names and addresses listed, verification came next.
With nine laps remaining, Hamilton managed to resolve the issue.
With other types of credit, this is not the case.
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service.
With respect to labor disputes, the Wagner-Peyser Act states only,
With respect to this view, two points are worth making.
With scarcely a mumble of excuse, I fled.
With that said, I appreciate the article and the comments.
With the group of boys it is different.
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
With their oxygen, they carried about 18 kilograms each.
With this excuse I have never been much impressed.
With this situation, it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment.
With this win, the Lions stay within LSC tournament range.
With tips, the girls average between $150 and $200 a week, depending on basic salary.
With two down, Ontario's nine-hole hitter singled to left.
With you gone and I don't have the money, he can't touch me
Within a month, calls were up seventy per cent.
Within a year, it seemed that Richards agreed.
Within thirty years, it had grown into a five-billion-dollar business.
Within this framework, what followed was strained, even macabre.
Without a system of values there can be no society.
Without help from the climbers, the porters would die.
Without it she would have been drab and limp.
Without monitoring, a military hookup becomes a noisy party.
Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning
Without them Tamil fishermen in the North have no jobs.
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely.
Wolves don't even breed when there isn't enough food.
Women didn't use white face powder nowadays, he recalled.
Women have become the sole support of their families.
Women like that have a way of turning professionals into amateurs
Women, after all, have claimed pants for themselves.
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.
Wondered why you came on to me like that when you gave me the look
Wonderful feeling of security knowing your adversaries are both crippled and unarmed
Wood received a standing ovation as the award was presented.
Word is at bingo you smell good too!
Work it out with her, tell her how you feel
Work on Greenwood Avenue North is past the halfway mark.
Work on the roof continues in this way.
Worked with Ganz a few years ago and sprung him from the road gang
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to.
Workshops consisted of presentations, interactive sessions and de bates.
World trade organization is the main game, Mr Mitchell said.
Worse, even the Latino bloc isn't really a bloc.
Worth of the pipeline is currently estimated at $9.3 million.
Would Kelly have reacted if Mario Lopez had shushed her?
Would everyone please stop whining about The Oregonian?
Would it be possible to get out of the screen with dining information?
Would it be too cold if I set the AC to 20  degrees Celsius?
Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art?
Would such an act of refusal be useful?
Would we really see better results from them than Obama?
Would you be bummed out if I didn't go to Chicago with you?
Would you buy Italian washing machines or Ukrainian ones?
Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like?
Would you do me a favor and go to the truck?
Would you like to have me turn around for you, Bingy?
Would you like to take a break for a minute?
Would you mind walking ahead of me to the sun porch
Would you please get me concierge services?
Would you please give me a wakeup call at 10 AM?
Would you read for us the time of the purchase?
Would you send up 42 kid sized pairs of slippers?
Would you support the officer if they would give you a trial?
You can close dining details for the time being
You can close the amenities list
You can close the concierge screen
You can close the help page
You can close the screen with the status of the room
You can close the timer now
You can end the timer app
You can leave the help page now
You can put the timer away
You can shut down the alarm
You can shut down the alarm app
You can stop updating me on the status of the room now
going to be a big hero, avenge that little girl's death?
hell, I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again
if there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive
if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set
in the dream the world was dark because there weren't any robins
left his whole business and family, his wife and two kids
maybe going back to school will be an option one day
one of us, all of us, I have no idea, brought whatever this thing is back here
she didn't know what she was talking about
that could help your father but you might get into trouble
the ears were for her a warning to stay alive
there has to be a darn good reason for living the way you do
they're giving me sort of my own hours for a while
when it's all sewed up, I'll let you know all the details
why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place?
