Air conditioning needs to be brought down by two degrees
Air conditioning needs to be brought up by two degrees
Ask for additional linen
Ask for another bathrobe
Ask for change in bedding
Ask for change in linen
Ask housekeeping for a new set of bath towels
Ask housekeeping for a pair of slippers
Ask housekeeping for bath amenities
Ask housekeeping for big towels
Ask housekeeping for fresh linens
Ask housekeeping for some slippers
Ask housekeeping to bring more towels
Book a concierge
Bring me more water
Bring up some information about the gym
Can I bring my children with me into the sauna room?
Can I check out through my laptop?
Can I check out using my smartphone?
Can I check-in without my credit card?
Can I get a new bathrobe?
Can I get a pair of slippers?
Can I get extra towels?
Can I get new bedding?
Can I have new towels?
Can I request extra bathroom amenities?
Can I request for an extra pair of slippers?
Can I request for bedding?
Can I request fresh linens?
Can you ask for more towels?
Can you bring me new towels?
Can you bring new towels up to my room?
Can you change my old towels?
Can you close all the curtains?
Can you open all the curtains?
Can you open curtains
Can you open room darkening curtains
Can you open sheer curtains
Can you replace my slippers?
Can you send up more towels?
Can you show me what time the gym opens?
Can you tell me where I can get a tourist's conversation book for Korean?
Can you tell me where my car is parked?
Can you tell me which floor the sauna is located?
Can you try and book me a ticket for the Seoul City Tour Bus?
Change out all the bath mats in the bathroom
Change the bedding
Change the bedroom linen
Check the status of sheer curtains
Check the status of the sheer curtains
Check which curtains are closed
Check with house keeping for 2 extra blankets
Close all curtains to darken the room
Close all curtains, now
Close all the curtains
Close all the curtains in this room
Close dining information screen
Close gym information
Close gym information screen
Close in-room dining screen
Close information about hotel gym
Close information about hotel sauna
Close information about hotel swimming pool
Close off sheer curtains
Close off the curtains
Close off the curtains in this room
Close off the room darkening curtains
Close out of in-room dining screen
Close out of room dining screen
Close room dining screen
Close sauna information
Close sauna information screen
Close screen on gym
Close screen on gym hours
Close screen on gym information
Close screen on hotel gym
Close screen on hotel sauna
Close screen on hotel swimming pool
Close screen on room dining
Close screen on sauna
Close screen on sauna hours
Close screen on sauna information
Close screen on swimming pool
Close screen on swimming pool hours
Close screen on swimming pool hours, now
Close screen on swimming pool information
Close screen on swimming pool, now
Close swimming pool information
Close swimming pool information screen
Close the curtains
Close the curtains, now
Close the room curtains now
Close the room darkening curtains
Close the room darkening curtains, now
Close the room sheer curtains now
Close the room's darkening curtains, now
Close the sheer curtains
Close the sheer curtains, now
Close up room darkening curtains in this place
Close up the curtains
Close up the curtains in the room
Close up the curtains, now
Close up the room darkening curtains
Close up the room darkening curtains in this place
Connect me to emergency services
Connect to emergency services
Contact emergency number
Contact emergency services
Contact the police right away
Control all the curtains and close them
Could I get a different masseuse this time at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
Could I get a paper cup and a lid, please?
Could I get a sewing kit sent to the room
Could I get fresh robes sent to my room?
Could I get hangers for pants?
Could I get more hampers sent to my room?
Could I get more hampers?
Could I get more hand towels?
Could I get more laundry bags sent to my room?
Could I get more water bottles?
Could I get new towels
Could I get one more shower cap sent to my room?
Could I get slippers sent to my room?
Could I get some blank sheets of printing paper?
Could I get some crushed ice?
Could I get some ice?
Could I get some mouthwash sent to the room?
Could I get some nail clippers?
Could I get some new sheets, please?
Could I get some post-it notes?
Could I get you to call Loretta and tell her I've gone to Odessa?
Could I have Q-tips sent over to my room, immediately?
Could I have a vanity kit sent to my room?
Could I have an additional luggage chair?
Could I have cotton swabs sent over to my room, immediately?
Could I have femenine hygiene products sent to my room?
Could I have foam pillows delivered to the room?
Could I have sanitary pads sent to my room?
Could I have shopping bags sent to the room, please?
Could I have some ice delivered to my room?
Could I have some pencils sent to the room?
Could I have some tape and scissors sent to the room?
Could I make a request to have some individual boxes?
Could I place a request for a lint brush?
Could I place a request for femenine hygiene products?
Could I place a request for ice?
Could I place a request for some crushed ice?
Could I place a request for some tape?
Could I place a request for toothpaste?
Could I place a request to change the blankets?
Could I place a request to have more hampers sent to the room?
Could I place a request to have more hangers sent to the room?
Could I place a request to have more laundry bags sent to the room?
Could I place an order for 38 kid sized slippers?
Could I put in a request for more shower gel?
Could I request a wine glass?
Could I request cocktails to be brought to the room?
Could I request for a champagne glass?
Could I request for a highball glass?
Could I request for a humidifier?
Could I request for a lint brush?
Could I request for a mug?
Could I request for foam pillow?
Could I request for ice?
Could I request for kid sized slippers
Could I request for slippers?
Could I request for some femenine hygiene products?
Could I request for some fresh linens?
Could I request for some hypoallergenic blankets?
Could I request housekeeping for a dehumidifier to help with the humidity?
Could I request housekeeping for a humidifier
Could I request more body lotion?
Could I request more shampoo?
Could I request some feather pillows to be sent to my room?
Could I use a scale?
Could I use the swimming pool after checking out of the hotel?
Could the hotel secure my luggage after I check out?
Could we get additional shaving kits?
Could you call us a taxi that can be accessed by a wheelchair?
Could you change the bed sheets?
Could you close all the curtains?
Could you hold my luggage before I check-in to the hotel? 
Could you keep my luggage while I wait to check-in?
Could you let me know if there's a time restriction to use the sauna?
Could you open all the curtains?
Could you place a request for more napkins?
Could you place a request for more toilet paper?
Could you possibly have lunch with him today?
Could you provide me with more information about the gym
Could you send me some lined paper?
Could you send me some quad ruled paper?
Could you send pant hangers?
Could you send some extra pant hangers?
Could you tell me information about the hotel gym?
Could you tell me information about the hotel sauna?
Could you tell me information about the hotel swimming pool?
Could you tell me where the sauna is located in the hotel?
Could you turn on the table lamp?
DVD rentals are poised to equal video rentals next year.
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking.
Delinquency, juvenile and adult, is at an all-time high!
Deliver 5 ball point pens to my room
Deliver extra slippers to the room
Deliver some ice to my room
Dial emergency number
Dial emergency services
Dial number for emergencies, now
Did the valet finish parking my vehicle?
Dispatch emergency services
Display YouTube videos about attractions in Seoul
Display YouTube videos on K-pop
Display all YouTube videos on Korean food
Display in-room dining options
Display options for room dining
Display room dining
Display what options are available for in-room dining
Display what options are available for room dining
Do I bring my own clothes to the hotel sauna?
Do I get an online account if I become a member of FITNESS?
Do I get charged differently depending on which color subway line I ride?
Do I get penalized for cancelling my BOUTIQUE SPA appointment on the day of?
Do I have an extra key to your apartment?
Do I have to be cooped up in the house all the time?
Do I have to meet my food deliveryman at reception or can they come up to my room?
Do I have to pay a fee to get a tour of Gyeongbukgung palace?
Do I have to pay extra charges for the airport shuttle if I have a lot of bags?
Do I have to pay for acupuncture treatment as a tourist's medical expense?
Do I have to pay money to get a humidifier in my room?
Do I have to pay to use the gym after checking out of the hotel?
Do I have to place a deposit during check in?
Do I have to wear certain types of clothing when going to the DMZ?
Do I need to book a gym induction at FITNESS and is there a cost?
Do I need to bring a credit card to check-in to the hotel?
Do I need to bring anything with me to the spa on the day of my appointment?
Do I need to bring the credit card I used to purchase the hotel in order to check in? 
Do I need to give my credit card to check in?
Do I need to make a deposit for the BOUTIQUE SPA massage package I bought?
Do I need to make reservations to go to the Bongmilga?
Do I need to provide a holding deposit to check-in? 
Do I need to tip when I request for additional amenities?
Do I pay a tip for room service deliveries?
Do all room service deliveries have a service charge?
Do all the guests need to go down to the lobby to check-out?
Do all the tea options at TEAPLACE have some amount of caffeine in them?
Do any of your personal trainers at FITNESS specialize in HIIT cardio?
Do foreign restaurants like VIPS serve anything exclusive to Korea?
Do many Korean businesses offer free and high speed WiFi?
Do many Korean stores and businesses accept foreign currency bills?
Do minors have to be accompanied by an adult at the swimming pool?
Do restaurants and stores usually open in Seoul on Sundays?
Do sheer curtains block the sun from entering the room?
Do the Palais de Chine or Marque d'Amour have any patio seats?
Do the communal facilities and meeting rooms have WiFi access?
Do the rides at Everland operate during the cold weather in December?
Do the stalls and businesses in Dongdaemun market only accept cash?
Do they provide lessons at the Jamsil Water Leisure Park?
Do this exercise six times each class period.
Do we have to pay to walk in the underground DMZ tunnel?
Do we have to show ID to get into Marque d'Amour?
Do you accept cash deposit during check-in? 
Do you guys rent out personal laptops or tablets for hotel guests?
Do you have A4 pape available?
Do you have a Macbook adapter that I can use?
Do you have a TRX band or something similar installed at FITNESS?
Do you have a brush with a point so that I can part my hair straight?
Do you have a candy jar that I can use in my room?
Do you have a comb available?
Do you have a copy of the Michelin magazine that I can read?
Do you have a detailed channel list showing what channels are offered on TV?
Do you have a different brand of coffee for the coffee machine?
Do you have a juice or snack bar somewhere inside the hotel?
Do you have a lint brush available?
Do you have a lint roller that I can use during my stay?
Do you have a list of ingredients for the food on Palais de Chine's menu?
Do you have a list of the restaurants in Jongno that have a Michelin star?
Do you have a list of tour packages that we might be interested in?
Do you have a nail design book at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
Do you have a pen I can use?
Do you have a recommended route for touring Bukchon Village?
Do you have a reusable eco bag that I can use for shopping?
Do you have a sewing kit I can use to mend some of my clothes?
Do you have a shaving kit available in this hotel?
Do you have a shaving razor with more blades and shaving gel?
Do you have a softer toothbrush for people with sensitive teeth?
Do you have a squat sponge I can use at FITNESS?
Do you have a sterile set of nail clippers that I can use?
Do you have a voltage converter for a 110 voltage plug?
Do you have access to tickets for any sold out music shows in Seoul?
Do you have an affiliate partner hotel with a better gym?
Do you have an extra pair of headphones that I can use in my room?
Do you have antibacterial disinfectant wipes available for use by guests at FITNESS?
Do you have any Korean movies I can watch with English subtitles?
Do you have any acetone on hand in the hotel?
Do you have any ballpoint pens?
Do you have any bar soap instead of liquid hand soap?
Do you have any blank sheets of paper?
Do you have any body lotion that is safe for baby skin?
Do you have any bottles of hand sanitizer that I can have for personal use?
Do you have any clean one-use diapers for baby boys?
Do you have any envelopes available?
Do you have any gift wrap and tape so that I can wrap some presents?
Do you have any guidebooks or maps in the hotel that we can have?
Do you have any information on fun local events happening in the Seoul area?
Do you have any menus for restaurants that will deliver to my hotel room?
Do you have any pastries with chocolate on it at the TEAPLACE?
Do you have any pens I could use?
Do you have any rollerball pens?
Do you have any small towels available?
Do you have any speakers that I can attach my MP3 to?
Do you have any special offers for group events at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
Do you have any special treats I can use for a special dinner?
Do you have any standard white envelopes available?
Do you have any suggestions on bars to go to for bar-hopping?
Do you have any suggestions on where I can order Chinese food for delivery?
Do you have coat hangers?
Do you have envelopes available for us?
Do you have extra tooth paste?
Do you have femenine hygiene products available?
Do you have foam pillows available?
Do you have foam rollers and exercise balls available at FITNESS?
Do you have hangers for trousers
Do you have images of the interior of your hotel fitness room?
Do you have individualized packages at FITNESS that may vary in price?
Do you have medium sized towels?
Do you have more body wash?
Do you have more hangers for pantsuits that I can use?
Do you have more shampoo?
Do you have more soap?
Do you have more tooth paste?
Do you have mouthwash?
Do you have nail clippers?
Do you have nail polish remover available?
Do you have one of those metal combs for brushing wool clothes?
Do you have paper cups with a lid?
Do you have pocket envelopes available for us?
Do you have post-it notes?
Do you have razors?
Do you have sanitary pads available?
Do you have shampoo that is gentler for color-treated hair?
Do you have shaving cream?
Do you have slippers for children?
Do you have special hangers to hang dress pants?
Do you have sticky notes available?
Do you have sticky notes?
Do you have swimming classes or aqua-aerobics classes at FITNESS?
Do you have tea and pastry options for vegan guests at the TEAPLACE?
Do you have the proper equipments and weights for bodybuilding at FITNESS?
Do you have wet wipes or sanitary wipes available?
Do you have yesterday's show on tape, by any chance?
Do you have yoga mats and belts at the room in FITNESS?
Do you have zumba, yoga, and cycling classes at FITNESS?
Do you know a place that will repair my broken smartphone?
Do you know how I can find a recommended spa?
Do you know how close I was to getting some trim
Do you know how deep the indoor swimming pool is on both ends?
Do you know if the TEAPLACE bakes its own pastries and breads?
Do you know if the sauna is available to children?
Do you know someone who can recommend a fun nightclub?
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots?
Do you know where I can buy or borrow a phone charger?
Do you know where I can get more roaming minutes?
Do you know where I can get my shirts pressed quickly?
Do you need an adult supervision to use the pool?
Do you offer cocktails or drinks by the pool?
Do you offer free breakfast services at the hotel?
Do you offer private pools for guests?
Do you offer room service to hotel guests after midnight?
Do you provide a body examination at FITNESS as a service?
Do you provide any specific massage services for expecting women?
Do you recommend I bring anything specific with me to the temple stay?
Do you remember how she used to shiver with the cold last winter?
Do you sell one-day tickets to FITNESS for non-hotel guests?
Drought, hail, disease, and insects take their toll of crops.
Dude, I feel like I haven't seen you in a month
Dude, we all know how this movie ends
Durant collected companies like some people collect stamps.
During his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists.
During his visit, he was followed by newspaper photographers.
During that time, I was routinely described as being anti-Muslim.
During that time, his ideas about business changed.
During the next weeks he looked over the situation.
During this period, 7,800 teaching sets were distributed on loan.
Dwight asked, and tried to shuffle his papers.
Each bag consisted of six meals to cover one weekend.
Each bag helps preserve 2 feet of rain forest.
Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer.
Each family line can be considered a substructure.
Each flat is fully furnished and includes all bills.
Each incident occurred almost precisely a thousand statute miles from the Pole
Each individual technology will earn a different amount of credit.
Each is still glorified as a national hero.
Each now makes a tough, papery cocoon and pupates.
Each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes.
Each of these pieces is a work of genius.
Each of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on our back
Each performer sings one song at a time.
Each share point is worth about $60 million in sales.
Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches.
Each state advisory committee documented its own activity.
Each state gave Nelson an experience unlike any other.
Earlier that day, he went to the dentist and got a temporary crown put in
Early viewing of this stunning barn conversion is highly recommended.
Earnings from the bank's global consumer business grew 27%.
East Providence now has no civil defense program.
Easy questions, lots of silly clues and great fun.
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion.
Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page.
Educators will take advantage of that to help their communities.
Edward L. Kane succeeded Mr. Taylor as chairman.
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance.
Eight, nine steps above him, Roberts had paused.
Eighty thousand cases will go to 1,800 British supermarkets.
Eighty years ago the Chinese were victims in that war.
Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow.
Either let me call the school or better yet, the F.B.I
Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy
Electricity's capacity to change everyone's lifestyle was hidden.
Electronic data is as safe as data in other forms.
Electronic processing at Microsoft costs less than $5 per order.
Electronic tools give us benefits beyond reducing costs.
Eleven of UK's final 21 points came on free throws.
Elise gazed at each one in turn. 'No, Monsieur.'
Elizabeth, we will be landing in Port Royal soon, and beginning our new lives
Ella and her dancers always produce a magnificent show.
Ella's friend made her undress and looked at her bruises.
Elliott said many people in her family are overweight.
Elton John takes to the stage in Liverpool!
Email Town Square Moderator Why are you blaming California?
Emergency
Emergency number, now
Emergency services
Employees then gave the man cash from the register.
Encounters with weird aliens from across the universe?
Encourage your family members and neighbors to do the same.
End screen on gym
End screen on gym hours
End screen on room dining
End screen on sauna
End screen on sauna hours
End screen on swimming pool
End screen on swimming pool hours
End screen on swimming pool hours, now
End screen on swimming pool, now
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible.
Enemy reinforcements came pouring down, seeking a soft spot.
Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon.
Entrepreneurship is not only about starting a business, he said.
Eras of human history rise and fall all the time.
Erin Miller doubled twice and also knocked in a run.
Eritrea wants to be a land of law and order.
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces.
Evan, I am so sorry, you were a saint to wait for us!
Evans had already had trouble with his oxygen.
Even Billy Durant realized that it couldn't continue.
Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score.
Even a detective can't walk in anybody's apartment and search it
Even at this early stage, drugs caused additional concerns.
Even before he hit big money, he had begun buying modern paintings.
Even if he angry, Tim wouldn't hurt a woman.
Even if they cut my sentence in half I'll be seventy three years old
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed.
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry.
Even rock-steady Anne -- Hell, Anne was the worst!
Even so, Madden's dislike of the suave, correct lawyer deepened.
Even the college professor in America has been affected.
Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious.
Even though she didn't want a relationship, we had an amazing kiss on the roof
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes.
Even your sword won't be able to affect me then
Eventually, when they were near Venice, he slowed down.
Ever blessed word of it, from Genesee on down to Revelations!
Ever since his unfortunate death, his family is in deep sorrow
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ.
Every German was a Nazi, she said, sarcastically.
Every action is measured by managers in white coats.
Every comfort and luxury is at your fingertips.
Every day brings new adventures and experiences with it.
Every district received falls in the past 24 hours.
Every doll in the house must be going with her.
Every few days, there is new snow on the mountain.
Every operation with partners and customers should be digital.
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital.
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air.
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer.
Every product creates a whole world of complexity.
Every retiring person has a different situation facing him.
Every ship returns with a cargo of sick and dying
Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop
Every time I see it, I'm just amazed, said Cooper-Wilson.
Everybody from hell to breakfast heard that screamin' on Blackstone last night!
Everybody knows the whole chicken distribution network is owned by the Klan
Everyone depends on agriculture, from food to fiber.
Everyone knew you would have been outspoken against this deal
Everyone on this earth is responsible for their own Behavior.
Everyone who loves is born of God, and knows God.
Everything in life can be broken down to ones and zeros, even love
Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism.
Everything is on the table, noted Deputy Superintendent Clark Burke.
Everything that happens in Cuba gets America's attention.
Everything's spring-loaded, even if the power's out it's fully functional
ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence.
Exactly how close is the DMZ to the border of North Korea?
Exactly what I had in mind along with some brandy
Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro intestinal display
Excuse me, baby, but if I don't get some action tonight, I'm going to bust
Exercise and recreational equipment and two laptops were reported stolen.
Exit dining information screen
Exit out of in-room dining screen
Exit out of room dining screen
Exit sauna information screen
Exit screen on gym
Exit screen on gym hours
Exit screen on hotel gym
Exit screen on hotel sauna
Exit screen on hotel swimming pool
Exit screen on room dining
Exit screen on sauna
Exit screen on sauna hours
Exit screen on swimming pool
Exit screen on swimming pool hours
Exit screen on swimming pool hours, now
Exit screen on swimming pool, now
Exit swimming pool information screen
Exit the gym information screen
Exit the in-room dining information screen
Exit the in-room dining screen
Exit the page on the hotel's room dining
Exit the room dining screen
Expenses unrelated to interest rose 5.4%, to $541 million.
Experts are split on which amending formula applies.
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding.
Exposing science frauds shows the strength of the scientific method.
Extensive osteoporosis with partial collapse of D8 was found.
Eyes blazing, hands lodged on hips, mouth twisted in outrage.
Family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations.
Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words
Far off, in the dusk, he heard voices singing, muffled but strong.
Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half.
Farmers say they were pleasantly surprised with prices paid.
Father, I am doing what I think is the best for him
Father, by creating a little destruction, I am, in fact, encouraging life!
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions.
Fears that investors might look elsewhere has been brushed aside.
Feed 75,000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily.
Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day.
Feed his hunger for revenge, he just wants more
Feel free to bring your own kayaks and paddle boards.
Feeling his power, Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer.
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48%, to $21 million.
Fern said the economic impact from the event is huge.
FestForAll runs March 28-29 in downtown Baton Rouge.
Feverishly, he tried to brush away this intuition.
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him.
Few persons who join the Church are insincere.
Few writers have better understood their deepest selves.
Fidel Castro invited John Paul to come for a reason.
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion.
Fifteen years ago, there were no Guideposts at all.
Fifth Avenue, New York City, United States of America, 1997
Fight them, he urged Iraqis in a radio address.
Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial.
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas.
Figures from LiveCorp show the Indonesian market remains buoyant.
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby.
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress.
Finally, Mr. Eisenhower found nothing but confusion in Washington.
Finally, we included the number of partners per city.
Financial terms of the deals were not released.
Find Seoul activities on YouTube
Find emergency number, dial it now
Find mama's relatives addresses in Italy, stuff like that
Find some good traditional korean restaurants around the hotel for me
Finding something abnormal on the street shouldn't be too hard
Finding that stone could've gotten you all the fortune and glory you were talking about
Fine, I'll get you a bumpersticker, but you better start believing it!
Fire is something that should not be taken lightly.
Firearms International has introduced another import, this one from Finland.
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years.
First of all, basement sales like tonight are not going to last much longer
First off, Betty would never fall for a soap star
First one to stuff 100 invitations gets a big prize
First they were mounted on rockets aimed at our shores.
First, Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults.
First, Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully.
First, drain that old coolant down the storm sewer.
First, how can we step up the desegregation movement?
First, it's supposed to be rye whiskey, not bourbon.
First, most products tend to become more complex.
First, they wanted to clarify a tantalizing, bizarre enigma.
First, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist.
First-run films are offered on two screens April through October.
Five months later, a German court made a similar decision.
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems.
Floating ice bore down from the north and west.
Flowers, stones, and small creatures, living and dead.
Following which we will have a serious question and answer session with your girlfriend
Food, drink and baked goods will be available both days.
For God's sakes, what are you trying to do to me?
For Jennifer, Rita is America's number one actress and dancer.
For The World I'm Nancy Marshall in Washington.
For a little business meeting to settle the situation
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered.
For a monthly fee, students get a machine and software.
For a second, engages, cooks, voyageurs appeared struck dumb.
For an instant he glared speechless at Marshall.
For arm and shoulder strength a chinning bar is recommended.
For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future.
For cooling, chilled water is circulated instead of hot water.
For drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity.
For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured.
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.1
For example, groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River.
For first-time family travelers, the whole process can seem impossible.
For management at the local scale it's critical, he said.
For me, my curiosity is what makes me a writer.
For months the resistance has been defenseless against air attack.
For net safety reasons images of children are problematic.
For now, the state may have found another Band-Aid solution.
For once in your life think about what's best for Troy
For progress' sake, I hope these changes can be made.
For several days, she was ill as a result of Lee's treatment.
For some people in our industry, it's been more intense.
For some reasons, there have not been good results recently.
For some significant new items see the pictures.
For starters, it makes us pay more for health care.
For starters, the menu has an interesting array of snacks.
For sweet-sour sauce, cook onion in oil until soft.
For that matter, the experts themselves are a mixed breed.
For the Cuban government, that is the risk.
For the First Amendment, that is not good enough.
For the Union, however, this was not just another battle.
For the treatment of bacterial scours, feed 100-200 grams.
For these centers, too, are on the gold circuit.
For this, they needed the services of a bank.
For weeks, Taylor and his assistants studied the workers.
For you don't share him, not even with God.
Foreign participants shared their experiences at the forum.
Forgive me until the end of this paragraph.
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged.
Forty-six states, including Rhode Island, end their fiscal year on June 30.
Four abalone farms have been hit by the disease.
Four big states where the deer and the antelope play, Wesley!
Four porters had turned back, afraid that they would fall.
Fourth, creating an Afghan peace process may still be possible.
Fowler, 45, has always been greedy when others are fearful.
Frank has a radio and is hearing everything we say!!
Franklin came through by winning French financial and military help.
Frankly, dear, we wondered what you intend to do with our baby?
Frederick Taylor never intended to go into management.
Freedom, he said, is both a gift and a responsibility.
Friday night Ripley got two-goal performances from four different players.
Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting.
From God's Will and Wisdom, and from virgin earth.
From JLO, women can buy clothes, and perfume, too.
From a computer in the kitchen, you check the house.
From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence.
From above me and somewhere behind me, a rifle cracked.
From childhood he had known all about knives.
From its holder he took his own canteen.
From now on, nothing but water at every meal
From what they say, it is free and it's Diego's new home
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare.
From where can we get food delivery to our hotel room at this time of night?
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close.
Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and I'm not getting any younger, am I?
Frustration in this case is not personified, James.
Frying reduces CoQ10 in oils by up to a third.
Fuel prices are set to hit last year's record highs.
Funny how seldom they did : used to it, probably.
Funny, it used to scare me when I thought about the future
Furthermore, the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage.
Furthermore, we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring.
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker.
GM had been started by the US businessman, Billy Durant.
GMG will play Iowa Valley for the Homecoming game.
Gavin Porters 2-point conversion attempt was no good.
Gavin stood on the porch, a thin figure.
General Motors was the biggest company in the world.
General Motors was the most powerful company in the world.
General requirements for land, labor, and equipment are discussed below.
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs.
Get a couple of cops over and we can have a rubber of bridge
Get emergency services on the phone
Get financial advice from Chris Hill of Your Money Matters.
Get help from somebody who knows how to build a doll house
Get housekeeping to clear the trash can
Get me a few brown boxes to pack my things in
Get me forty mugs
Get me through to emergency services
Get me two mugs
Get more luggage chairs
Get the new FineFood pancakes in the frozen food section please
Get together some upscale product where the girls still have teeth in their head
Get us into a million dollar libel suit
Get your stuff together, get back in that clown car and get out of here
Get your tickets in advance before they sell out!
Getting to and from school was no problem.
Getting up and making a complete idiot of myself
Getty Images This recipe makes about 24 fritters.
Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint.
Girl, they build gates like that to keep people like us out
Give Debra here another drink, and give me the usual
Give me a book
Give me additional bedding for the room
Give me another highball glass
Give me another wine glass
Give me cheap brunch options close to this area please
Give me detail about the hotel swimming pool
Give me details about the hotel sauna
Give me details of the hotel gym
Give me dining information of the hotel
Give me dining options of the hotel
Give me eighteen pencils
Give me extra bathroom amenities
Give me extra linen for the room
Give me extra room amenities
Give me information about gym
Give me information about sauna
Give me information about swimming pool
Give me more hangers
Give me more information about the hotel gym
Give me more information about the hotel sauna
Give me more information about the hotel swimming pool
Give me more sanitary bags
Give me more water
Give me some more hangers to hang my pants
Give me some paper to take notes with
Give me the price for doing laundry at the hotel
Give me three pencils
Give them permission to enter our territories with my warmest regards
Give us a written statement, Mathieu, and then we'll surrender
Give us the locations of popular restaurants near the hotel
Giving rise to a progressively more alarming trade deficit.
Giving up their Thanksgiving to help their fellow man
Glad to report Gail is now recuperating at home.
Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace.
Go to a reputable grower, preferably a pansy specialist.
God help you if she knows where she's been.
God in Heaven, I can't refuse you now.
God would not do that, Kate thought stubbornly.
God's Kingdom on earth is at present a Spiritual one.
God, he must be really close to your brother to tell him such personal stuff
God, they were good before drugs and bad luck caught up with them
God, what a world you people live in.
Goes to show you all the moolah in the world can't buy you a brain
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends.
Good digital systems could push this below 10 percent.
Good evening from the central park in downtown Havana.
Good wages, patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes.
Good, useful data exists somewhere within most organizations.
Got a heck of a buy on this, dirt cheap.
Got a job first thing in the morning, first day of season
Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway.
Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account
Government research will look into new products and methods.
Gradually that changed to incorporate the whole spectrum.
Gradually the wash climbed upward, forcing him toward open range.
Grandfather left him twenty per cent of a tobacco company
Grants, donations, and United Way funding support the program financially.
Grape growers report a similar increase in sugar content.
Gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands.
Great post, and thanks very much for featuring the video!
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle.
Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered.
Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes.
Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel.
Grey WC and wash hand basin with matching pedestal.
Growers were seeking the better prices from the Melbourne market.
Guess they thought it was safe to put some up again
Guess who's been buying Coke from him for the last five and half years?
Guests and new members are welcome to attend.
Guests were juniors in the public high schools.
Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects.
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days.
Gulf South Technology Center LLC is owned by Hancock Bank.
Gun stiffened, his hands balling into fists at his sides.
Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool.
Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon.
Had he always wished to be a conductor?
Had we taken a lien on a state park?
Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure
Hamilton received a drive through penalty for causing the collision.
Handy tells us to forget about our old ideas.
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules.
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black.
Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap.
Hans had his fingers in the kid's mouth.
Harris and crew set up the lush chorus perfectly.
Has the attendant brought my car up from parking yet?
Hasn't this 'incident' as you call it, jump started your career as an artist?
Haul your wind, and keep to the weather of the island
Have a fan brought to my room
Have a fan brought up to my room
Have a fan brought up to this room
Have a fan sent to my room
Have a fan sent to this room
Have a fan sent up to our room
Have a mug sent to my room
Have a scale sent to the room
Have envelopes sent to the room
Have fun living with your dad for the rest of your life
Have housekeeping send me more water, please
Have laundry bags sent to my room, immediately
Have more face towels sent up to my room
Have more ice sent to my room
Have more water sent to my room
Have my car brought out and ready to go in five minutes
Have my hand towels sent up to my room
Have sanitary bags delivered to my room, immediately
Have shopping bags delivered to the room
Have some boxes for packing sent to the room, immediately
Have some extra laundry bags sent to my room, immediately
Have the class lie supine with knees apart and bent.
Have the valet bring my car around please
Have to pass on the revolution today man, I got class
Have toilet paper delivered to my room, immediately
Have you acted with any of these performers before?
Have you checked out the tax bill on your father's farm lately?
Have you ever recommended an itinerary that was really popular with guests?
Have you ever talked to Carl  tried to see his side?
He allegedly told police he acted in self-defense.
He also admired Silicon Valley's attitude to work.
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute.
He also claims the plant would pollute San Francisco Bay.
He also discussed prospects for the corporate bond sector.
He also introduced him to key retailers in the city.
He also served as a disaster relief chaplain.
He also served on the St. Augustine School Board.
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market.
He always wears black, we never see him in the daylight, only after dark
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker's will.
He asked, when she passed him a glass.
He assumed he could blink the splinter out.
He beat them back to the gold, took everything for himself and disappeared
He became a fellow of Jesus in 1629, proceeded M.A.
He believed that death was probably the last forbidden topic.
He bought the business a year and a half later.
He broke into a dogtrot, breathing heavily, streaming with sweat.
He brought it in and put it down beside her.
He brought out something in me no one had ever brought out before, or since
He came down to Camp 3 to sleep.
He came to Galveston to retreat from the big city.
He can correct decay, thus preventing early loss of teeth.
He carries a 5.79 GPA on a five-point scale.
He changed his specialty to an aircraft fire control repairer.
He checked into a motel and drove downtown.
He clenched his fists and faced the terror.
He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell.
He clutched the staff, and his dark eyes blinked apologetically.
He continued driving and ran out of fuel.
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages.
He could hear horses moving around inside, and nothing else.
He could not break in on an armed man.
He could not return any clothes that were not sold.
He could see the stone building where he lived.
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature.
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there.
He dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans.
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens.
He declined to discuss other terms of the issue.
He died before he could completely pay off his debts.
He doubted whether she heard him, over the running water.
He estimated the breakup value at $55 a share.
He felt a little sick at his stomach.
He got up Saturday and went back to business.
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble.
He had attended three universities in the United States.
He had brought it along to continue during the voyage.
He had chaos and civil war and hatred between the races
He had close to a thousand followers when he died
He had collared one of his generals in public.
He had decided not to take a radio with him.
He had found a depression with rain water in it.
He had known women like that, one woman in particular.
He had long black hair and a wispy beard.
He had long black hairs on his wrist.
He had peered through the darkness at the rampart.
He had plunged into the dark woods beyond.
He had previously attended Cedar Grove Community Church.
He had returned to the pension a week ago.
He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept.
He had to have Dorothy cause her whole life was blue
He handled human remains and became utterly devastated.
He has an ego and craves the worship of others.
He has been a Bearings director since 1985.
He has finished his past four games in double-digit points.
He has his wife's jewelry hidden in among his clothes over there
He has no experience with this veteran's previous medical record.
He has outlasted and sometimes outsmarted eight American presidents.
He has sought counseling according to his representatives.
He has to have leadership as well as grades.
He hasn't been to a symphony concert all season.
He held the razor well out to one side.
He hopes the case will reveal critical information.
He inserted the car key in the lock.
He is Florida's first certified service-disabled veteran business owner.
He is a known political opponent of the victims' father.
He is also a coach and athletic director.
He is doing multiple runs right now and using the island as a jump off point
He is married and the father of three children.
He is not interested in being named a full-time director.
He is now at a medical lockup in Missouri.
He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College.
He is suffering from acute melancholia, together with a guilt complex
He is, like Phillip Marlowe, too alienated to be reliable.
He issued a stop-work order for the spa.
He joined the imbibers after exchanging a few greetings.
He jumped, and sank to his knees in muddy water.
He just left in the middle of our own party
He just ordered a giant glass of milk
He knew Conrad had told him the truth.
He knew everything except where to begin, the name of the city
He knew what the world was like and that nobody understood
He let her tell him all about the church.
He liked cutting edge stuff that kind of thing.
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it.
He looked at me blankly, astonished at the question.
He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch.
He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step.
He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties, which go to the Finance Department.
He loved to cook, and he made legendary crab cakes.
He made a great success of our small business
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat.
He meant to help Gavin all the time.
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity.
He moved to Hamburg in the north of Germany.
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other.
He occasionally carves names as baby gifts for umpires' kids.
He often saw between five and ten dealers a day.
He picked up the powder canister and ran out.
He preferred not to take credit, giving it to others.
He pulled out his pistol and fired it.
He pulled that number this morning during Festival Stage Live.
He put down the receiver and looked at Poirot.
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping.
He raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilson's chest.
He remembered Gavin's smirk, his own cringing feeling, his impotence.
He remembered a story he had read as a youth.
He remembered them well from his happy period.
He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative.
He replaced retiring MEO BDC Director Craig Swift.
He responded that he did not fear death.
He rose stiffly, forcing his knees to lock.
He said construction wouldn't resume until market conditions warrant it.
He said every room but the bathroom has a fireplace.
He said he gave his wife some car as a gift, remember?
He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious
He said he had never talked to Liston.
He said his youngest brother was undergoing counseling and therapy.
He said rain water runs through the neighborhood.
He said that business should always act responsibly.
He said that the war is not in anybody's interest.
He said the district will not stop issuing water permits.
He saw the suitcase, which Julia was holding.
He says growers will enjoy more financial security, not less.
He says the meeting was requested by Iraqi authorities.
He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe it.
He seemed to hold the whole business in his head.
He sent them careening into their water dish.
He served as president of the Continental Congress.
He shot pictures for top American, British, and Italian magazines.
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night.
He sized up the situation and shook his head.
He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers
He spent a few days in the hospital.
He stood up, cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly.
He stood watching the girl, wondering what was coming next.
He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby.
He stuck his head in Mrs. Kirby's little rental office.
He stumbled into the house, eyes burning like fire.
He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment.
He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art.
He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier.
He told me he wasn't officer material because he grew up poor like me
He told me that fire is very dangerous during dry seasons
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian.
He waited in his squat, gripping the hair.
He wanted a few stills for magazine ads, he said.
He was a Londoner, married, with three sons.
He was a beloved husband, father, grandfather and friend.
He was a big thick beefy violent man.
He was a fighter for those of his own party.
He was a member of the Baptist church.
He was a member of the York Elks Club.
He was a writer on business called Harvey McKay.
He was again reclassified 1-a by the local board.
He was away on an extended vacation and just returned two days ago
He was bitching about it at the party last night
He was born in Phoenix and attended West High School.
He was face to face with his God, and no one lies in that situation
He was folding the paper when the Princess was at his side, and addressed him
He was going to check on the railroad station, and the trunk
He was marooned on an island, left there to die
He was sleeping on the front porch when I left
He was speaking on International Mother Language Day.
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance.
He was very funny about the whole thing.
He watched his own body with remote, casual interest.
He went to a lot of trouble to make this an awesome New Year's
He who does not love abides in death.
He will go to the little O'Brien girl, I'll show you
He will leave the board of the foundation.
He won the Masters, the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money.
He wondered whether God had a dog in the sky.
He would offer no theory to account for her murder.
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party.
He'll jack it up, slap on a tire, we'll be at party number three in no time
He's a very gifted educator and leader, she says.
He's approached his Democratic duties in hard-nosed engineering fashion.
He's been asked that question, in school or elsewhere.
He's been married and got this half-grown kid.
He's giving up lab locations, names, bank accounts, he was very pissed off
He's gonna pretend it's an emergency call from a family member at the hospital
He's mad at a world he did not make.
He's more than a patient, Doctor; he is my only friend
He's my ticket to the top of the Behaviorist food chain
He's offered me 50 bucks to say some stupid word on a live news report
He's one of my friends so it's just fun.
He's only played a couple of games all year.
He's president of the rocket club here, you know.
He's warm, funny, gracious, generous and refreshingly genuine.
Health, education and infrastructure dominate the Queensland Budget.
Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too.
Heaven knows you've made that clear to me often enough
Heavens to Betsy, Wendell, you already put me off my breakfast
Heavy industry, slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers, attracted him.
Heels place emphasis on the long legged silhouette.
Helen was a loyal, dedicated, independent and loving woman.
Help is needed from dealers, at the grass-roots level.
Help me figure out what time the fitness center opens
Help me get a hold of a physician right away
Help me quit screen with dining information
Help me reach a doctor
Help me rejuvenate my body, I want to use the sauna
Help me set up the password for the hotel safe
Helping the four porters had made them very, very tired.
Henry Ford's ideas about management had also created problems.
Her achievements are impressive, and her commitment steadfast.
Her ambition in life is to become a teacher.
Her boss at the TV station was very happy.
Her determination and drive were evident, even then.
Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough.
Her favorite colors are pink, purple, and blue.
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said.
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal.
Her whole family was regularly present in church.
Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent.
Here are the local election results in South Carolina.
Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds.
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity.
Here's another example of manipulation by the financial elite.
Hey, I think you guys should have the apartment
Hey, I'm going to interview a car mechanic.
Hey, don't you think a hair stylists got any interest in getting it on?
Hey, why don't you just put a  I'm doing cocaine  sign on the car
Hey, you ladies want something to take the edge off?
Hey, you wanna have dinner with me Saturday night?
His 1988 salary was $575,000, with a $575,000 bonus.
His Ideas in this respect, however, sometimes arouse critical response.
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead.
His body pitched back and forth on the bench.
His death is registered with the War Department in Washington
His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom.
His examples include trimming state contracts and streamlining personnel management.
His eyes shone like tiny pools of quicksilver.
His father tried to make the food a topic.
His father wanted him to study and become a doctor.
His first report was about the world economy.
His girlfriend was taking too long to put her make up on
His history is his alone, yet each man must recognize his own history in it.
His ideas for GM's cars were just as crazy.
His images did not need to sell the clothes.
His mother, Erika Greenwood, died in the accident.
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
His trailer and truck were located in the parking lot.
His wife, Janice, is a high school principal.
Historically, the flaming sword laid across this Eden is the Civil War.
History branched in two possible directions that day.
Hitler can have the world, but he can't take it with him
Holiness without which no man will see God.
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding.
Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival
Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby.
Hotels, for example, are ready to let down the bars.
House Speaker Paul Ryan added to the criticism.
Household expenditures on health care already exceed those on housing.
Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot.
Housing prices are skyrocketing in the largest cities.
Houston police gave her a third, less flamboyant, title, prostitute.
How about you on the sofa and me in bed with the baby
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched?
How are electronic health records revolutionizing health care?
How are the clubs in Gangnam different from the ones in Itaewon and Hongik?
How are the curtains?
How are the room darkening curtains?
How are the sheer curtains?
How are we extending the life of our car?
How big is a piece of printing paper? I need some sent to my room
How big is your gym?
How busy is the hotel's indoor swimming pool right now?
How busy will the Cheonggyechon area be today with the Lantern Festival happening?
How can I book a spot for the shuttle service?
How can I change my BOUTIQUE SPA appointment time to an hour later today?
How can I check if Game of Thrones is available at the Seoul Metropolitan Library?
How can I control the different curtains in this room?
How can I find out more information about the hotel and dining services?
How can I get to the Eunho Sikdang restaurant near here?
How can I learn about the hotel spa's policies on booking reservations?
How can I make reservations for a treatment session at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
How can I make time changes to my spa package reservations?
How can I open a 4 digit safe?
How can I park if I have more than one vehicle?
How can I place my food order?
How can I report my stolen bag to the police or authorities?
How can I reserve spots on the hotel airport shuttle?
How can I sign up for the Bongeunsa Temple Stay?
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant?
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment?
How can we visit the DMZ between North and South Korea?
How cold does it get in Seoul during the winter?
How come I can't find the hotel's WiFi network on my smartphone?
How come I couldn't access the free WiFi in the subway station yesterday?
How crowded does the Itaewon area get during Halloween night?
How did we even stand each other in that same plane for three years?
How did your relationship with Miss Lawson progress after the surgery?
How difficult is it to park in or around Itaewon?
How do I ask restaurants for gluten-free meals in Seoul?
How do I cancel my food order?
How do I get a temporary Seoul bus and subway transit card?
How do I get from Itaewon to Myeongdong by bus?
How do I get to the Mocha Coffee Shop from the hotel?
How do I know if I am allowed to drive in Seoul with my permit?
How do I need to prepare for my spa day at the BOUTIQUE SPA tomorrow?
How do I reserve an appointment for the hotel spa?
How do I tip when I order room service?
How do I use the pay-per-view channels in this hotel?
How do we get on the Sinchon Play Bus tomorrow?
How do we get to Samcheonggak from Anguk Station on Line 3?
How do we get to the famous fish market that we saw on TV?
How do you expect me to ring a curtain down on an empty stomach?
How do you get your hair to look like that?
How do you recommend I catch a cab in Hongdae at Friday night?
How do you recommend I have the most authentic Korean experience?
How does the duty-free shopping in Seoul work and how do I apply for it?
How early do I have to arrive for my hotel spa service?
How early do Korean restaurants and stores open on weekdays?
How early do you recommend I visit the Noryangjin fish market?
How early in advance do I have to book my session at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
How expensive is a cup of tea at the TEAPLACE in the hotel?
How far I knew will shortly become apparent.
How far away is the World Peace Gate from the subway station?
How far is the subway ride and walk to Pyeonghwa Market?
How fresh are the Mariage Freres tea in the TEAPLACE?
How hard long distance is, and then she dumped me
How is the traffic on the highways leading out of Seoul?
How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance
How it's phrased there -- the word violent.
How large are the serving sizes  of the dishes at the Palais de Chine?
How large does your hotel's indoor golf range look like?
How large is FITNESS changing rooms, showers and sauna room?
How large is Seoul Forest and are there any good walking trails?
How large is the COEX Aquarium compared to the one at SeaWorld?
How large is the hotel's indoor swimming pool and hot tub?
How large is the shopping center at Yongsan compared to Yeongdeungpo?
How late does the Marque d'Amour stay open on weekdays?
How late into the night can we shop at Dongdaemun market?
How long do you think this can be kept under wraps?
How long does a tour of Gyeongbukgung palace normally take?
How long does it take for the massage to finish?
How long does the 8 o'clock morning yoga class at FITNESS go for?
How long has FITNESS been in business as a gym?
How long on average does it take to get to the summit of Bukhansan?
How long will a tour of Bukhansan Fortress take if we want to see it all?
How long will it take me to get to River Won House from the hotel?
How long will it take to see all of Namsangol Hanok Village?
How long will it take us to visit Namsan Tower?
How loud is the music played on the stereo at the TEAPLACE?
How many English-language novels are available at the Seoul Metropolitan Library
How many UNESCO Heritage sites are in the city and where are they?
How many days does the Seoul kimchi festival last for?
How many elliptical machines and treadmills are there at the FITNESS?
How many hours is the FITNESS open for on weekends?
How many lifeguards are on duty at the hotel swimming pool?
How many minutes are the body massages at the hotel spa?
How many minutes will my special massage package from BOUTIQUE SPA take to complete?
How many people can be inside the hotel pool at one time?
How many people can the Palais de Chine host at once?
How many stores and boutiques are in the Yeongdeungpo Underground Mall?
How many times a day does Laura have to take the medicine for pneumonia?
How many times are the hotel swimming pool and sauna cleaned per day?
How many times have you sneaked into girls' apartments and watched them undress?
How many times must we get burned before we learn?
How many treadmills are there in FITNESS at the gym?
How much are express bus tickets to Sokcho from Seoul?
How much can I save if I buy a three-month package from the BOUTIQUE SPA?
How much do I have to pay to use the washing machine and dryer?
How much do I pay for a 24-month membership versus a 12-month one at FITNESS?
How much does BOUTIQUE SPA charge for a simple haircut?
How much does a KTX ticket from Seoul to Busan cost?
How much does a membership at FITNESS cost and what does it come with?
How much does it cost to get a haircut and color service at the spa?
How much does it cost to use the sauna?
How much does it cost to visit the Namsan Tower's very top roof terrace?
How much does the spa service at the hotel cost?
How much gratuity do I have to tip my spa therapist?
How much in dollars is a McDonald's Big Mac in Seoul?
How much in terms of percentage do I have to tip in Seoul?
How much is a monthly gym membership at the hotel's FITNESS?
How much is a one-way shuttle ticket to Incheon airport?
How much is a single personal training session at FITNESS?
How much is admission to the War Memorial of Korea?
How much is an individual session of one-on-one training at FITNESS?
How much is it to use the shuttle service back to the airport?
How much is overnight parking for a visitor?
How much is the deposit to check-in? 
How much is the hot stone massage at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
How much is the hot stone massage for one person?
How much is the manicure and pedicure package at the hotel spa?
How much is the total admission to Namsan Tower for two adults and one child?
How much lead-time would you need to book us a reservation at Bamboo House?
How much luggage can I bring onto the airport shuttle without paying additional fees?
How much money should I carry with me if I am visiting Bukchon Folk Village?
How much of a hold are you putting on my credit card?
How much of my spa package price is a service charge?
How much percentage do you hold as a deposit during check in? 
How much salmon and catfish should I buy?
How much service charge does the Palais de Chine charge automatically?
How much should I be paying at a restaurant or pub in Itaewon?
How much should I expect to pay for lunch at the Palais de Chine?
How much should I expect to use on food per day in Seoul?
How much should I tip the parking valet?
How much spending money do I need in Seoul per day?
How much time do you think we will spend at Bukchon Folk Village?
How much time will I need to get to Incheon airport?
How much will a cab ride from the hotel to Gyeongbukgung cost?
How much will a meal at the Arirang restaurant cost a family of four?
How much will it be to take the subway from Myeongdong to Yeouido?
How much will it cost for two children and two adults to enter Lotte World?
How much will it cost me to get to Incheon Airport on an airport limousine?
How much will it cost me to just get a back massage at BOUTIQUE SPA?
How much will it cost me to rent a bike for the day?
How much will it cost to get my roots touched up at BOUTIQUE SPA?
How much will it cost to transfer at Express Bus Terminal?
How much will my total transportation to Gwanghwamun Plaza and back cost?
How much would it cost to use the fitness center?
How often are the machines and weights cleaned in FITNESS after use?
How often do you go to the doctor for a physical checkup?
How often does that volcano erupts at the national park?
How often does your family go to the market for groceries?
How old are the resistance machines that you have at FITNESS?
How old do I have to be to get a membership at FITNESS?
How old do you have to be in order to use the gym?
How old was Joan of Arc when she died?
How old was the youngest president of the United States?
How safe is it to walk around the surrounding area after dark?
How should I dress for a temple stay at the Bongeunsa Temple?
How should I prepare for my spa visit tomorrow?
How tall is Gwanaksan in meters compared to Bukhansan Park?
How the hell can you put up with her, John?
How will the Peace Corps be received abroad?
How would I identify the guy who shows up at the bank?
However, Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice.
However, South Mountain pulled even in the third.
However, non-interest income rose to $23.5 million from $22 million.
However, the country's huge foreign debt remains a major burden.
Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis, weighing 60 pounds.
Human trials have shown it lowers blood sugar.
Hunger stimulates man too, the situation is very similar.
I accidentally threw away my old pair of slippers
I also interviewed three women who were in past relationships with Marsh
I always keep a set in the car.
I always wanted to be a cop when I was a kid
I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital.
I am a huge taekwondo fan so where do you suggest I visit?
I am a little nervous about getting on the subway in Seoul
I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School.
I am aiming to lose some fat with my membership at FITNESS
I am an attorney, not an instrument of vengeance.
I am aware of the sauna closing hours, I want to close the screen now.
I am done searching for hotel gym hours
I am done viewing the screen with the dining information
I am going to be a few minutes late for my massage reservation
I am going to be about fifteen minutes late to my BOUTIQUE SPA appointment
I am going to need a handicap parking spot at the hotel
I am going to need my car ready and outside in half an hour
I am having some issues with the safety box
I am having some trouble getting a parking space around here
I am in need of a ballpoint pen
I am interested in going on a night tour of Seoul
I am interested in signing up for a weight loss regimen at FITNESS
I am looking for a reasonably-priced restaurant near the hotel
I am looking for a spa package that is okay for pregnant women
I am looking to book a group visit for next Friday in the morning
I am looking to eat at only organically-sourced restaurants in Seoul
I am looking to organize a corporate event at the spa
I am never supposed to see this girl again
I am not proud that I spend my time with a broken down alcoholic
I am not sure where I am supposed to wait for the airport shuttle
I am requesting a set of face towels
I am requesting an emergency call
I am requesting for a black marker
I am requesting for a highball glass
I am requesting for a pen
I am requesting for another wine glass
I am requesting for some A4 paper
I am requesting for some mailing envelopes
I am requesting for some pencils
I am requesting more body wash
I am requesting more shampoo
I am requesting new towels
I am requesting some sticky notes
I am running low on body lotion
I am running low on shampoo
I am sorry to bother housekeeping at this time but there's been a spill
I am sure that Castro was happy, too, about that support.
I am taking a multi-vitamin tablet and extra Vitamin C every day
I am the wife of the owner of a small, independent meat market.
I am to go to Washington to serve with him.
I and my friends want black men for real life.
I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming
I asked him, "Lyndon, what would you do, on a scale of one to ten?
I asked, touching the scar on her stomach.
I backed up the car to the door and we carried her in, like groceries
I believe it is time for Greg to respond.
I believe my writing is a gift from God.
I believe that my upbringing and ambition can inspire others.
I believe the situation is improving, but the success stories need to be heavily publicized.
I broke my comb, please send over a new one
I brought a bicycle but I don't know where I can keep it
I brought too many clothes, can I get some hangers?
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her.
I can buy groceries, over-the-counter medicines or daily hygiene stuffs
I can eat because I know we didn't kidnap that woman
I can eat fish at the Palais de Chine but no chicken or red meat
I can find a place tomorrow, then I'll be outta your hair
I can hear you, Mr. President, but I can't see you
I can only fill this paper out with a black or blue ballpoint pen
I can still the village in my memory!
I can use Johnnie's car, dump it in Lake Michigan
I can't be happy long without drinking water.
I can't believe a high school senior unloaded like that on me
I can't call the girl the next day
I can't drink distilled water
I can't even remember the last time a girl talked to me
I can't find my airport shuttle ticket and the bus is arriving soon
I can't imagine why the GOP is dying.
I can't let Robin go camping with this guy
I can't remember the 4 digit code to the safety box
I can't seem to locate a parking attendant anywhere around me
I can't stand watching my delusional friend waste another precious Halloween
I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks
I can't tell you how much it hurts me to hear that you married him
I can't understand it, it's not my personality.
I cannot accept that view, either as a lawyer or as an administrator.
I cannot sleep with a feather pillow and feather comforter
I celebrate at the beginning of my corporate tax year
I certainly do this when on my bike.
I choose that gift because she wanted it for Christmas.
I cook dinner after I get home every day
I could see the blood running down his chest.
I could sure stand to do something stupid
I couldn't find Lily at party number three, so I waIked
I couldn't help it I had to stop at Penny's for the costume
I currently need to use a rollerball pen
I cut my meeting short because I wanted to see you at midnight
I decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it
I demand all eight boudoir pillows
I demand three boudoir pillows
I desire 2 ball point pens
I did get to argue a case before the Supreme Court
I did think you could wear it to the ceremony today
I didn't ask for a Jeroboam of champagne.
I didn't bring any perfume with me and I need a little bit
I didn't come here to play Dumbo on the radio
I do my electronic mail on a fifty-centimeter flat screen.
I do those dumb little fluff pieces at the end of the news
I don't blame you. this hasn't been what you'd call a fun vacation
I don't care if you kill me like you're killing him
I don't feel like going to the gym anymore, please close the screen now
I don't have an appointment for the BOUTIQUE SPA so are they taking walk-ins?
I don't have any more facial tissue paper
I don't have anymore soap
I don't have anymore water
I don't have enough hangers
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty.
I don't know how to use some of the resistance machines at FITNESS
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp.
I don't know what he does but I think he's on drugs supplied by Frank
I don't know where I am supposed to get hotel breakfast
I don't know where to eat a light breakfast today
I don't know, doesn't that corner seem funny to you?
I don't know, who has better wine than you?
I don't like tap water
I don't mean the newspaper fellows that you don't like
I don't need to know dining information since I've already found the restaurant I'll be eating at
I don't need to know the price of Sauna anymore 
I don't need to look at the dining information anymore
I don't need to make reservations for the hotel restaurant anymore
I don't remember the name of my trainer at FITNESS
I don't remember when my FITNESS membership is supposed to expire
I don't say this enough, but you're a great woman
I don't see you very much, I don't want to waste the time
I don't think I can arrive for my spa appointment today
I don't think I will use the swimming pool today
I don't think Korean restaurants are aware of what gluten is
I don't think it's fair to call my clients frauds
I don't think my coffee machine is working
I don't think my hair dryer is working
I don't think my safety box is working properly
I don't think the safety box is working properly
I don't think this aversion therapy is really necessary, doctor
I don't wanna waste your time, because I really like you
I don't want a million, I just want one
I don't want to get married right now, maybe ever
I don't want to look at the hotel restaurant options anymore
I don???need to know when the gym closes anymore
I don? need to know when the gym closes anymore
I don? really know what sheer curtains are, can you tell me
I dream about cook books, TV shows, appearances.
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil.
I dunno it's safe to even get out of the car
I expect some awesome things to come from these efforts.
I feel terrible about this, we have a prior engagement at another party
I figured Ganz was put down for a long time
I figured as much back there in the restaurant
I finally got a girl and I'm not going to let you take her away from me
I finally paid a janitor 200 bucks to let me borrow this mascot costume
I finished all the water in the room
I forgot the lock combination to my locker at FITNESS
I forgot to bring pads, can I make a request with the front desk?
I found all the information I needed regarding the hotel sauna. Please close the screen now
I found the restaurant I want to dine at for today, thanks
I get her up to the roof and the roof takes care of the rest
I get recognized one time and I start thinking I'm Julia Roberts
I go over to Castro and get fixed up there.
I go to high school, you go to college
I got the tape enhanced and I managed to sleaze a photo blow up
I got the upset stomach long before feeling tired
I got this damned tooth, I got a few things bugging me, like everybody else
I gotta get one of those blue French horns for over my fireplace
I guess I ought to stop seeing woman as victims
I guess fooling Hans and me took doing.
I had a poor experience at the BOUTIQUE SPA so who can I talk to?
I had been quite good when I was younger.
I had been training for the New York City Marathon.
I had finished my homework when John came last night
I had severe stomach aches and diarrhea
I had to hurt people to prove to them they had the wrong image
I hate carrots, I hate peas, I like black coffee and I hate garters
I hate to tell you this but they canceled this bus line two years ago
I have 40 hours left on my community service
I have a 25-page paper on constitutional law due Monday
I have a child by a man who won't marry me!
I have a dry sinus, request a humidifier
I have a few shirts I still need to hang
I have a lot of used towels, send laundry bags
I have a select group of distributors I deal with
I have a visitor who is going to need overnight parking
I have an appointment today at 10 AM at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I have an appointment with Doctor Clark at 8:30
I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal
I have dirty clothes, I need laundry bags
I have every back issue of Martha Stewart Living.
I have food allegies, can I make a special request out of the menu?
I have no idea why he's being weird
I have other people dying to give it to me
I have packages that I must send by post so can you send up boxes?
I have ran out of diapers for my baby girl
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof.
I have some clothes that need washing and drying immediately
I have some time after I check out of the hotel, can I still use the gym?
I have time after the checkout, am I allowed to use the hotel swimming pool?
I have to go to a new high school, again
I have to mail out some things, can I get some cardboard boxes?
I have to organize an event for my company's business retreat
I have to pay for parking, she said.
I have to plug something in but I need a multi adapter
I have to serve wine but I don't have any wine glasses
I have to tell you in private at a fine restaurant
I have to wait and see how this summer class goes
I have too many clothes
I have too many clothes, I need more hangers
I have too much laundry
I have too much laundry, please send bags to my room
I have two deer foot gun racks for sale.
I have unfairly lost my freedom, he said.
I haven't even said I'll marry you yet
I haven't gotten a call from FITNESS about my personal training schedule
I heard about a famous 3D art museum but I don't know its name
I heard that from Father directly years ago.
I heard that the front desk could book a tour guide for me
I heard there was a famous Korean food restaurant close to the hotel
I heard there was a night tour along the river on bikes
I heard there was a temple with female monks only in Seoul
I imagine the betting booths will be doing good business
I insisted on being here as soon as I heard Mrs. Christian contacted you
I just accelerated my top secret long term plan for our world domination
I just came over to let you know that you sat on a grape
I just had a little business to settle with Mr. Gordon
I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do
I just think we're being conned, one farmer said.
I just want to check with the valet that my car is okay
I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow
I know death when I see it, and Church was dead
I know it didn't work out between us, but we did have a relationship
I know it's bad luck to see the bride in her dress
I know it's bad luck to see the bride right before the ceremony
I know it's early, but you are a future Mrs
I know one of them went on to Medical school
I know the pastries at the market are delicious; however, no is my answer
I knowed you was crazy when I saw you settin' there
I left my cell phone in the breakfast room but now it's not there
I like to think that I'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene
I listened to WBZ Radio when we arrived home.
I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be occupied
I lost the ability to pay for my apartment.
I lost the reservation confirmation paper, how do I check-in?
I love to work with community action agencies.
I made a trip to the hospital last night, borrowed some equipment
I made inquiries, I read a book of etiquette.
I mean, I never thought I'd see that girl again
I mean, Mrs. Smith, she engaged me this morning, sir
I mean, maybe, New York is just too big a town
I meant what I said about that fire.
I must go to a meeting, so is there a qualified babysitter you can recommend?
I must have been pretty much plastered if I hired a valet
I need Q-tips sent to my room
I need a bag to place all my sanitary products in
I need a ballpoint pen
I need a body wash refill
I need a box
I need a champagne glass
I need a change in bath mats
I need a change in shower mats
I need a change in shower mats please
I need a change in towels please
I need a cocktail glass
I need a coffee cup sent to the room
I need a disposable cup and a lid
I need a doctor right away
I need a fan
I need a fan brought to my room
I need a fan brought to this room
I need a fan brought up to my room
I need a fan sent to my room
I need a fan sent to this room
I need a fan sent up to this room
I need a fax machine to fax some documents over
I need a few more hangers to hang my clothes
I need a few more laundry bags
I need a few more wine glasses
I need a fountain pen
I need a full body wax done at the BOUTIQUE SPA tomorrow afternoon
I need a highball glass
I need a humidifier
I need a humidifier for my room
I need a humidifier in this room
I need a humidifier sent to my room, now
I need a large brown box sent to my room
I need a lint roller from the hotel or somewhere I can buy one
I need a luggage chair
I need a luggage rack
I need a mug
I need a nail clipper
I need a new coat for winter but I want one with no fur
I need a new comb
I need a new set of toothbrush
I need a new set of towels
I need a new shaving kit
I need a new tooth brush
I need a new vanity kit
I need a parking attendant to move my car out of the sun
I need a pen
I need a pen sent to my room
I need a refill on body lotion
I need a refill on shampoo
I need a refill on soap
I need a roll of toilet paper
I need a scale
I need a scale sent to my hotel room
I need a scale to measure my luggage
I need a sewing kit sent over immediately
I need a shopping bag
I need a van taxi for five passengers to take us to Itaewon
I need a white sheet of paper
I need a wine glass
I need a woman who'll go anywhere, do anything, and love it
I need adhesive notes
I need airport shuttle tickets for four people this Friday morning
I need all of my face towels replaced twice a day
I need all the hand towels replaced
I need amenities brought up
I need an extra alarm clock
I need an extra chair to put my luggage on
I need an extra comforter for my bed during the night time
I need an extra lid for my to-go cup
I need an extra luggage chair
I need an extra mug
I need an extra pair of slippers to be sent to my room
I need another cup
I need another set of tooth brushes
I need another shower cap
I need bath towels
I need body lotion
I need body moisturizer
I need cardboard boxes
I need cardboard boxes to pack some of my things in
I need champagne glasses and shot glasses
I need clean towels
I need cotton balls, request vanity kit
I need cotton swabs sent to my room
I need directions for a car to get from Everland to Jamsil station
I need drinking water
I need emergency services
I need envelopes
I need extra bathroom amenities
I need extra clothes hangers
I need extra room amenities
I need extra towels
I need fifteen empty boxes
I need fifteen empty boxes brought to my room
I need five large cardboard boxes so that I can ship off my items
I need forty more water bottles
I need gift wrap, tape, and scissors so that I can wrap some presents
I need hangers for dress pants only
I need hangers to hang my clothes
I need hangers to hang my pants
I need help arranging transportation back to Incheon airport from the hotel
I need help finding the parking spot where my car is parked
I need help with the hotel room safe
I need housekeeping to change the towels
I need housekeeping to empty the trash
I need hypoallergenic blankets
I need ice for my champagne, now
I need ice to drink my whiskey, please provide me with some ice
I need information about hotel gym
I need information about hotel sauna
I need information about hotel swimming pool
I need kid's slippers
I need kid's slippers, where can I make the request?
I need landry bags for my laundry
I need laundry bags
I need lined paper
I need lotion for my body
I need marking tape and scissors
I need medical assistance right away
I need more Q-tips
I need more bags for the laundry, all of them are full
I need more bath towels
I need more big towels
I need more body wash
I need more cotton buds
I need more cotton pads, send over a new vanity kit
I need more cotton swabs
I need more drinking water in my room
I need more face towels
I need more hand towels in the bathroom
I need more hangers
I need more hangers for my clothes
I need more hangers to hang my clothes
I need more laundry bags for my clothes
I need more laundry bags since I have a lot of clothes that need washing
I need more sanitary bags
I need more shampoo
I need more shower caps
I need more shower gel
I need more slippers in my room
I need more small towels
I need more toilet paper
I need more tooth paste, please
I need more water
I need more water bottles
I need more wine glasses
I need mouthwash
I need my car parked but I don't need overnight parking
I need new bedding
I need new sheets brought up
I need new sheets for the bed
I need one roll of toilet paper
I need pant hangers
I need pant hangers from housekeeping
I need pant hangers sent to my room, immediately
I need paper for writing
I need pocket envelopes
I need post-it notes
I need post-it notes to jot down an important reservation number
I need printing paper
I need sanitary bags
I need sauna information
I need scissors
I need scratch paper
I need seven rolls of toilet paper
I need shampoo
I need shampoo sent to the room
I need sixteen bars of soap
I need slippers
I need soap
I need some A4 paper sent to the room
I need some big towels
I need some blank sheets of A4 paper
I need some box tape and scissors
I need some boxes
I need some femenine hygiene products
I need some fresh towels in the bathroom
I need some hangers for my pants
I need some more tooth paste
I need some more toothpaste sent up to my room
I need some nail files to trim my nails
I need some new towels
I need some pant hangers
I need some post-it notes
I need some sanitary pads
I need some scissors
I need some shopping bags
I need some sunlight, open up all the curtains in the room
I need something to brush my hair with
I need something to pour my white wine in
I need something to wash my hands with
I need sticky notes
I need sticky notes for some memo
I need swimming pool information
I need tape and scissors
I need tape and scissors brought to my room
I need tape for boxes
I need ten boxes of tissue paper
I need the hotel's address so that I can order takeout food
I need three empty boxes brought to my room
I need three more bottles of water
I need to assemble the boxes
I need to build a new doll house for Nancy
I need to call emergency services
I need to change my BOUTIQUE SPA reservation day and time
I need to change the date of my airport bus reservation
I need to come pick up my extra key
I need to contact the local emergency services for assistance
I need to dial the emergency number
I need to fix a minor repair, request sewing kit
I need to get a two-way airport shuttle ticket for tomorrow
I need to get more shampoo from housekeeping
I need to get reimbursed for a business expense, can I request an itemized receipt?
I need to get some ice for my soda
I need to go for a quick run, does the gym have treadmills available?
I need to hang my clothes
I need to have thirty shaving kits
I need to have three shaving kits
I need to know hotel's dining information
I need to know the hotel's dining information
I need to make an emergency call
I need to pack, request boxes
I need to place a request for some tampons to be sent to the room
I need to place an order for more crushed ice
I need to put in a request for some shower caps
I need to put in a request for some shower gel
I need to reach the nearest hospital
I need to request more hangers from the front desk
I need to request slippers for kids
I need to reschedule my spa appointment to another time tomorrow
I need to tell her about these awesome shoes I just bought
I need to trim my nails
I need to use a feminine hygiene wash, does the hotel have any?
I need to use a pen
I need to use a scale
I need to use lined paper
I need toilet paper
I need twenty extra blankets
I need twenty-five more bottles of water
I need two bars of soap
I need two empty boxes
I need two extra blankets
I need you to call emergency services
I need you to connect me to emergency services
I need you to contact emergency services
I need you to get me a iPhone charger
I need you to give me carbonated water
I need you to step out of the car, sir
I never could find out what his business was.
I promised him a ride in the car if he got you out
I put the coke in the false bottoms and take it through customs
I ran late covering the Halloween parade in the Village
I ran out body wash, please send more
I ran out of big towels
I ran out of body lotion
I ran out of body lotion, please send some to my room
I ran out of body wash
I ran out of body wash, please send more
I ran out of cotton pads in my vanity kit, please send new one
I ran out of cotton swabs, please send more
I ran out of feminine hygiene products
I ran out of hangers
I ran out of hangers, please send more
I ran out of ice
I ran out of sanitary bags
I ran out of shampoo, please send more
I ran out of shampoo, please send some to my room
I ran out of small towels
I ran out of toilet paper
I ran out of toilet paper rolls
I ran out of tooth paste
I ran out of tooth paste, request 2 more
I ran out of water bottles
I ran out shampoo, please send more
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device.
I really don't want to jump on January's fitness bandwagon.
I really should give this money to the Peace Corps
I really want this girl to stay a part of our lives
I really want to eat dinner within ten minutes' walking distance of the hotel
I refuse to be a part of a third runaway bride situation
I remember a Mrs. Delaney but Mama told me years ago she died
I remember talking to a dog trainer one time.
I remembered tearing his shirt and biting his body, hoping he would kidnap me
I require a small paper or a post-it note to make a shopping list
I require duct tape and masking tape
I require hangers designed for trousers
I require hangers for trousers
I require more body wash
I require more shampoo
I require more soap for the bathroom
I require something to cut the tape
I saved your life once, I don't plan on making a habit of it
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population.
I see someone who doesn't accept the world as it is
I set the hour of our meeting for seven.
I shopped too much, request for a packing box
I should sock you right in that funny little nose
I should've put them out of the car and come sooner!
I spend a lot of money to keep the cops cool
I spilled coffee in my room so can someone clean it up?
I stay in business so long because I'm careful.
I still don't understand how you knew Del was telling the truth
I still don't wanna get married, and he's still him
I suppose Castro staged the whole thing just to beat you
I suppose you'd never be like Luther and let a woman get to you
I suppose you're old enough to have heard of World War Two?
I sure ain't his fairy godmother. now I'm looking for Ganz.where is he?
I think I lost my valet parking ticket
I think I need a humidifier
I think I need a humidifier for my room
I think I need an analog clock
I think I need to go to the emergency room
I think I want to have zero kids
I think I'm gonna go to a homeless shelter, serve food
I think it doesn't matter that we are of a different class
I think it's fair to say you underestimated the market there, Derek
I think it's important for people to know that the world is in danger
I think it's still too dark, I want to draw the curtains
I think my Android cell phone charger is broken
I think something is wrong with the coffee machine
I think the coffee machine has a problem
I think their biggest problem was that he didn't tell her the truth
I think there is a problem with the safety box
I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure
I think there's a problem with the safety box
I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street
I think we're going to have to pass on the sewer trip
I thought all good generals were quick to recognize opportunities
I thought we decided you were going to school here
I threw away my shower cap, please send more
I told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape!
I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players
I took her there for a shower and that's it
I understand, but I noticed that the Fire Marshall is here with you
I vow to cry less during this Vikings season
I vow to make you breakfast in bed every Sunday morning
I waIked to the next party on the list
I wait up at the station and you don't even show up!
I walked out on him when he was trying to ask me to marry him!
I want a bottle of wine
I want a change in bath mats
I want a change in bedding
I want a change in feather pillows
I want a change in foam pillows
I want a change in the bedroom linen
I want a humidifier
I want a humidifier for this room
I want a new feather pillow
I want a new pair of clean slippers
I want a new pair of slippers for my room
I want a physical bill to be sent to my home upon checkout 
I want a refreshing glass of cold water
I want all curtains in this place to open
I want all the bath mats in the bathroom to be changed immediaely
I want all the curtains to open
I want another shopping bag
I want bedding
I want boxes for packing
I want carton boxes
I want clean sheets
I want clean sheets for my bed
I want details on how to reserve a meeting room
I want eight more bars of soap
I want enjoy the sauna today
I want every single thing that belonged to my father out of this house
I want fresh robes
I want in-room dining
I want information about sauna
I want information about swimming pool
I want kid's slippers
I want large cardboard boxes sent to the room
I want linen
I want more big towels
I want more body lotion
I want more clean slippers
I want more foam pillows to be sent to my room
I want more hand towels
I want more ice to be sent to my room
I want more shampoo
I want my car brought out front and ready before I get downstairs
I want my car parked out of the sunlight
I want my coffee in a to-go cup
I want my drink in a to-go cup
I want my kids to have slippers
I want my old sheets to be changed
I want my sheets to be hypoallergenic
I want new blankets for the bed
I want one hundred stacks of A4 paper
I want plastic bags sent to my room, how much does it cost?
I want sauna information
I want shopping bags sent to my room
I want some boxes sent to my room
I want some breakfast. Please show me what options are available
I want some food delivered to my room
I want some glass coated paper sent to my room
I want some ice
I want some paperboard boxes sent to my room
I want some slippers for kids
I want some slippers suitable for kids
I want some slippers to be sent to my room, immediately
I want some writing paper sent to my room
I want swimming pool information
I want the bath mats changed
I want the bath mats to be replaced with new ones
I want the curtains in the room to open
I want the curtains to be closed up
I want the front desk to hold my luggage after checkout
I want the room darkening curtains opened
I want the room darkening curtains to be closed up
I want the sheer curtains in the room to open
I want this room to be pitch black so that I can sleep
I want to ask housekeeping for a scale to be sent to the room
I want to ask housekeeping for more Q-tips
I want to ask housekeeping for more cotton buds
I want to ask housekeeping for more cotton swabs
I want to ask housekeeping for more shower mats
I want to be able to cook in my room, what services does the hotel provide?
I want to be able to move and adjust the curtains according to my needs
I want to block the sunlight by using the sheer curtains
I want to book a BOUTIQUE SPA session with the same woman as last time
I want to bring a service dog to the hotel during my stay
I want to buy a nice and expensive chopsticks set from a metal artisan
I want to buy a spa gift card for a birthday present
I want to call the emergency number
I want to cancel my food order
I want to check for gym use during New Years
I want to check if I can get a pair of slippers for children
I want to check if the hotel has any baby wipes
I want to check my fat percentage, blood pressure, and heart rate at FITNESS
I want to check the status of sheer curtains
I want to choose a spa service that will help detoxify my skin
I want to close all the curtains in the room
I want to close gym information
I want to close in-room dining screen
I want to close information about the hotel gym
I want to close information about the hotel sauna
I want to close information about the hotel swimming pool
I want to close out of in-room dining screen
I want to close out of room dining screen
I want to close room darkening curtains
I want to close room dining screen
I want to close sauna information
I want to close screen on hotel gym
I want to close screen on hotel sauna
I want to close screen on hotel swimming pool
I want to close swimming pool information
I want to close the curtains
I want to close the curtains in this room
I want to close the room darkening curtains
I want to close the screen on hotel dining information
I want to close the sheer curtains
I want to close the sheer curtains in this room
I want to dial the emergency number
I want to draw all the curtains in the room
I want to exchange pillows
I want to exit in-room dining screen
I want to exit out of the in-room dining screen
I want to exit out of the room dining screen
I want to exit out of the screen with hotel gym information
I want to exit room dining screen
I want to get a consultation at a famous plastic surgery clinic
I want to get a relaxation package for my parents at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I want to get an extra shower cap
I want to get some shopping bags
I want to go for a swim, what time does the pool close?
I want to hang my pants
I want to have Chinese takeout delivered to my hotel room
I want to have a humidifier sent to my room
I want to have clean bath mats
I want to have extra laundry bags delivered to my room
I want to have moisturizer sent to my room
I want to have some ice sent to my room
I want to have some slippers suitable for young children
I want to have the shower gel in the bathroom replenished
I want to have the wet towels changed out
I want to hear more about the hotel spa's hydrotherapy sessions
I want to increase the brightness of the free-standing lamps
I want to inquire about additional gratuities and fees before checkout 
I want to keep the room dark by using the room darkening curtains
I want to know about the BOUTIQUE SPA
I want to know about the status of the sheer curtains
I want to know hours of the hotel gym
I want to know hours of the hotel sauna
I want to know how big your swimming pool is
I want to know if you have a men's sauna
I want to know information about the hotel sauna
I want to know information about the hotel swimming pool
I want to know more about hotel's dining information
I want to know more about the different restaurants at the hotel
I want to know some history about this hotel
I want to know the cost of laundry services
I want to know the different sizes of envelopes available
I want to know the different sizes of slippers available
I want to know the different types of curtains that are found in this room
I want to know the dining information of the hotel
I want to know the function and purpose of sheer curtains
I want to know the hotel laundry price list
I want to know the hours of the hotel gym during Christmas
I want to know the interior of the hotel sauna
I want to know the operating hours for the hotel's valet services
I want to know the schedule for all the yoga classes this hotel offers
I want to know the status of the curtains in this room
I want to know where my car will be if a parking attendant takes it
I want to know which of the hotel's restaurants is the most empty right now
I want to let Palais de Chine know that I am allergic to peanuts
I want to let the spa workers know that I am allergic to certain ingredients
I want to make a request to have a scale sent to the room
I want to make a visit to the Seoul Animation Center before I leave
I want to make all the curtains to close
I want to make an emergency call
I want to make the sheer curtains closed
I want to nibble on something, can I see the food menu?
I want to open all the curtains
I want to open curtains
I want to open room darkening curtains
I want to open up all curtains
I want to open up all the curtains, it's too dark in here
I want to open wide the curtains
I want to open wide the room darkening curtains
I want to open wide the sheer curtains
I want to order a cocktail glass
I want to order a highball glass
I want to order food from my room
I want to order in-room dining
I want to order room dining
I want to order room service food for room 506
I want to order some takeout food from Burger King
I want to order something to eat for lunch, please show me the menu
I want to place a request for a change in foam pillows
I want to place a request for a new comb
I want to place a request for a sanitary bag
I want to place a request for bedding
I want to place a request for clean blankets
I want to place a request for linen
I want to place a request for more shower caps
I want to place a request for more shower gel
I want to place a request for some additional shampoo
I want to place a request for some mouthwash
I want to place a request for some pencils
I want to place a request for some scissors and tape
I want to place a request to more Q-tips
I want to place a request to more cotton swabs
I want to place an order for some slippers
I want to put in a request for a change in bath mats
I want to put in a request for a paper cup
I want to put in a request for a scale
I want to put in a request for a vanity kit
I want to put in a request for change in bedding
I want to put in a request for change in linen
I want to put in a request for more Q-tips
I want to put in a request for more cotton swabs
I want to put in a request for new blankets
I want to put in a request for new towels
I want to put in a request for slippers for younger kids
I want to put my cash in a safe while I'm away
I want to quit in-room dining screen
I want to quit room dining screen
I want to quit screen on hotel gym
I want to quit screen on hotel sauna
I want to quit screen on hotel swimming pool
I want to read the newspaper
I want to relax at the men's sauna
I want to relax, tell me about your spa services
I want to report an emergency
I want to request a cardboard box
I want to request a change in bath mats
I want to request a change in blankets
I want to request a disposable cup for my coffee
I want to request a few brown boxes
I want to request a fresh set of blankets
I want to request a humidifier to reduce the dryness of the room
I want to request a luggage rack
I want to request a shaving kit from housekeeping
I want to request an emergency call
I want to request an itemized receipt during checkout
I want to request bedding
I want to request change in bath mats
I want to request clean sheets
I want to request disposable cups
I want to request for a bar of soap
I want to request for a comb
I want to request for a fountain pen
I want to request for a new pack of cotton pads and cotton balls
I want to request for a new shower mat
I want to request for a pen
I want to request for a sewing kit
I want to request for some Q-tips
I want to request for some cotton buds
I want to request for some cotton swabs
I want to request for some nail clippers
I want to request for some pencils
I want to request for some shower mats
I want to request housekeeping for a set of hand towels
I want to request housekeeping to send more shampoo
I want to request international newspapers to be delivered to my room
I want to request linen
I want to request mouthwash and toothpaste
I want to request room amenities, send me masking tape and scissors
I want to request slippers for small children
I want to request some boxes
I want to request some boxes to be sent to my room
I want to request some brown boxes
I want to request some brown boxes to be sent to my room
I want to request some reusable paper cups with a lid
I want to request the front desk to hold my bags for a few hours after checkout
I want to request writing paper
I want to reserve a meeting room for 10 people this afternoon
I want to run the AC on fan mode
I want to say that I'm real sorry about your father
I want to see all of Seoul's most famous landmarks
I want to see how much the spa costs
I want to see more information about the hotel spa
I want to see options for room dining
I want to see the menus for Palais de Chine and L'Amant Secret please
I want to settle all payments from the mini bar during checkout
I want to shop at luxury retail boutiques and department stores
I want to shop for Korean brand clothes and cosmetics
I want to shop my golf clubs before I check out
I want to switch off room dining screen
I want to talk to both you guys about Greta
I want to travel, live overseas as an artist, maybe have a lesbian relationship
I want to use a scale
I want to use a weight scale
I want to use the hotel sauna, can you tell me if they accept walk-ins?
I want to use the shuttle service to the airport if it's available
I want to use the spa during this business trip
I want to use the spa. What's the price difference between children and adults?
I want to use the steambaths
I want to visit a famous multishop that Kpop stars like to patronize
I want to visit a traditional Oriental medical clinic and try acupuncture
I want to visit a traditional hanok teahouse in Seoul
I want to watch an event at the World Cup Stadium in Seoul
I want two more bars of soap
I want you to be my partner on this, Derek
I want you to get me an Andriod phone charger
I want you to hit all the dealers in town
I want you to know I'm deeply sorry about your girlfriend
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty
I want you to tell me everything you remember, Father
I wanted to ask you because you're a doctor
I was at FITNESS yesterday and I couldn't find a bosu ball
I was chairman, the only not youthful participant.
I was crazy about her all over again.
I was getting out of the car when I saw him in the Mercedes
I was giving the parked cars the once-over.
I was on a date with this girl
I was on the way to my grandfather's funeral
I was putting her doll house away, and somehow I accidentally dropped it
I was safe when you found me, there was nothing you could prove
I was sentenced to a youth camp out here when I was fourteen
I was snooping around Tex's room and I found this in the waste basket
I was so worried for fear he'd knock over a vase or something
I was sorry to read about that thing in the papers
I was talking to Christine after dinner last night
I was thinking about going there for business
I was thinking about that time after the party
I was too young for the draft for that war.
I was unfairly punished because the wall belonged to the judge's church
I wasn't going to lug around a glass.
I will be back very soon so keep my car parked up front
I will be needing my car brought up to the front door
I will buy some pancakes and syrup then
I will figure something out How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
I will find the lion and I will build the bridge
I will forget them by the time I get to the market
I will go to her apartment and be the pest control man
I will have to make an extra trip to the supermarket then
I will need my car prepared downstairs at exactly 10 o'clock
I will not be able to make my reservation at the BOUTIQUE SPA later today
I will not be using the swimming pool today so I want to exit the screen
I will purchase a him and her spa package for tomorrow afternoon
I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class
I wish I have not touched her doll house
I wish I was younger and less timid.
I wish I were older or younger, Julia Bentley thought.
I wish our doctor could have saved her.
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew.
I wish we had a dog, so they wouldn't go to waste
I wish you all the luck in the world, pal
I wish you could see the world as I do
I won a car wash at bingo last time.
I won't have to drive home on the freeway
I woud like to request for a humidifier
I woud like to request more body wash
I woud like to request more shampoo
I would like 3 ball point pens in my room
I would like BOUTIQUE SPA to know that I am pregnant
I would like a bathrobe
I would like a facial and body wrap package at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would like a humidifer for my room
I would like a new comb sent over to me
I would like a pair of slippers for kids
I would like a pair of slippers for our children
I would like a scale
I would like all the curtains to open
I would like an extra tea kettle
I would like another bottle of shampoo
I would like extra pillows
I would like fresh linens
I would like hangers for dress pants
I would like hangers for pants
I would like hangers made to hang pants
I would like information on parking fees for visitors and overnight stays
I would like more hangers for my clothes please
I would like more ice to make some cold drinks in my room please
I would like more linens for my bed
I would like more napkins or toilet paper
I would like more toilet paper
I would like more water delivered to the room
I would like my children to have some slippers to wear
I would like my sheets to be hypoallergenic
I would like recommendations on nearby restaurants that are popular with the locals
I would like some ice so I can drink my champagne
I would like some post-it notes sent to my room
I would like some room amenities, please give me some toothpaste
I would like the curtains to open
I would like the curtains to open up
I would like the hotel to know about my dietary restrictions
I would like the room darkening curtains to be closed off
I would like the room darkening curtains to open
I would like the sheer curtains to open
I would like the sheer curtains to open up
I would like thirty water bottles
I would like to add a hydrotherapy bath session to our couples massage
I would like to ask housekeeping for more hangers
I would like to attend mass in Seoul but preferably in English
I would like to book a meeting space
I would like to change coffee machines
I would like to close information on gym screen
I would like to close information on sauna screen
I would like to close the curtains in the room
I would like to close the room darkening curtains
I would like to close the sheer curtains in the room
I would like to cut my membership at FITNESS short
I would like to exit out of the screen with dining options for the time being
I would like to freshen my clothes up a little bit with a spray
I would like to get twenty water bottles
I would like to get two water bottles
I would like to go shopping for children's clothes and toys
I would like to go to a Michelin restaurant that serves traditional Korean food
I would like to have A4 paper sent to the room
I would like to have a lint brush sent to the room
I would like to have box tape and scissors sent to the room
I would like to have extra luggage rack sent to the room
I would like to have ice delivered to my room
I would like to have my coffee machine fixed
I would like to have my hair dryer fixed
I would like to have some food from outside the hotel delivered to my room
I would like to have some ice
I would like to have some kid's slippers sent to my room
I would like to have some more toothpaste sent to my room
I would like to hear about the best drinking spots in Seoul
I would like to host a bridal party at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would like to know about hotel's dining information
I would like to know about this hotel's dining information
I would like to know how big the pool is
I would like to know the costs associated with using the sauna
I would like to know the hotel laundry price list
I would like to learn how to work out with free weights at FITNESS
I would like to look at the drinks and cocktail menu for the hotel bar
I would like to look up information about the gym
I would like to make a reservation to use the hotel sauna
I would like to make an appointment for an aromatherapy treatment
I would like to measure weight, please send a scale
I would like to open the curtains
I would like to open the room darkening curtains
I would like to open the sheer curtains
I would like to order dinner from my room
I would like to place a request for a foam pillow
I would like to place a request for a humidifier
I would like to place a request for a pair of slippers suitable for kids
I would like to place a request for a paper cup
I would like to place a request for a paper cup with a lid
I would like to place a request for a shaving kit
I would like to place a request for carton boxes
I would like to place a request for clean sheets
I would like to place a request for kid's slippers
I would like to place a request for slippers
I would like to place a request for some A5 paper
I would like to place a request to have a humidifier sent to my room
I would like to place an order for slippers
I would like to put in a request for a ballpoint pen
I would like to request a change in coffee machines
I would like to request a change in shower mats
I would like to request a female massage therapist for my BOUTIQUE SPA visit
I would like to request a lint brush
I would like to request a new vanity kit
I would like to request a pair of slippers for children
I would like to request a shaving kit
I would like to request body moisturizer
I would like to request femenine hygiene products
I would like to request for a cordial glass
I would like to request for a wine glass
I would like to request for ice
I would like to request for ice to chill my white wine in
I would like to request for lined paper
I would like to request for some envelopes
I would like to request for some mouthwash
I would like to request front desk for some slippers for kids
I would like to request laundry bags
I would like to request more hangers for my clothes
I would like to request nail clippers
I would like to request nail polish remover
I would like to request reusable paper bags
I would like to request sanitary bags
I would like to request sanitary pads
I would like to request shopping bags
I would like to request some feminine hygiene products such as pads or tampons
I would like to request some sticky notes
I would like to request table napkins
I would like to request toilet paper
I would like to request wine glasses
I would like to see the hours for the pool during the new years
I would like to take cooking classes while I am in Seoul
I would like to use a scale
I would like to use the gym during my stay
I would like to visit a trendy shopping district in Seoul
I would like towels to be changed at least three times a day
I would like twenty laundry bags for my room
I would like two laundry bags for my room
I would not like to drink the tap water from the bathroom
I would prefer a female spa therapist today at the BOUTIQUE SPA
I would really like some fried chicken delivered to my hotel room
I would really prefer a female masseuse to do my body massage
I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts --
I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew
I'd get married tomorrow in a White Castle, but this guy needs more factors
I'd like a bag to place all my sanitary products in
I'd like a new comb sent to my room
I'd like a pair of kid's slippers to be sent to my room
I'd like a pair of kid's slippers to be sent to our room
I'd like a roll of paper towels, I've spilled my drinks
I'd like a roll of toilet paper
I'd like all the small towels replaced
I'd like clean, dry towels
I'd like extra pillows sent to the room
I'd like more hangers to hang my clothes
I'd like more water
I'd like new pillows
I'd like new towels
I'd like some fresh towels delivered to my room
I'd like the room darkening curtains to open up
I'd like to alleviate dry air with a humidifier
I'd like to ask housekeeping for face towels
I'd like to be able to control the curtains in this room
I'd like to change the bath mats in the bathroom
I'd like to check the status of all the curtains found in this room
I'd like to draw the sheer curtains
I'd like to fix a tear, send over a sewing kit
I'd like to hang some more clothes
I'd like to have big towels
I'd like to have hangers for my trousers
I'd like to have kid's slippers sent to the room
I'd like to have some A4 paper sent to my room
I'd like to have some lined paper
I'd like to have some slippers suitable for children
I'd like to have the desk lamp immediately turned off
I'd like to know about the airport shuttle service
I'd like to know dining information of the hotel
I'd like to know if the there are any fees for the front desk to hold my bags after checkout 
I'd like to place a request for a ballpoint pen
I'd like to place a request for a fountain pen
I'd like to place a request for a humidifier
I'd like to place a request for body wash
I'd like to place a request for carton boxes
I'd like to place a request for drinking water
I'd like to place a request for large brown boxes
I'd like to place a request for shampoo
I'd like to place a request for slippers
I'd like to place a request for some clean slippers
I'd like to place a request for some individual boxes
I'd like to put in a request for a foam pillow
I'd like to put in a request for a set of face towels
I'd like to put in a request for nail clippers
I'd like to put in a request for slippers
I'd like to put in a request for slippers made for kids
I'd like to put in a request for some A4 paper
I'd like to put in a request for some additional body lotion
I'd like to put in a request to have my old towels removed
I'd like to request 2 more sets of tooth brush
I'd like to request 2 more sets of tooth brush 
I'd like to request a change in bath mats
I'd like to request a change in towels
I'd like to request a disposable cup and a lid
I'd like to request a new vanity kit
I'd like to request an additional vanity kit
I'd like to request big towels
I'd like to request blank sheets of printing paper sent to the room
I'd like to request blank sheets of recycled paper sent to the room
I'd like to request box tape and scissors to be sent to my room
I'd like to request envelopes
I'd like to request for a highball glass
I'd like to request for a humidifier
I'd like to request for a luggage chair
I'd like to request for a martini glass
I'd like to request for additional body wash
I'd like to request for additional shampoo
I'd like to request for color pencils
I'd like to request for more drinking water
I'd like to request for more face towels
I'd like to request for some blank sheets of recycled paper
I'd like to request for some moisturizer
I'd like to request housekeeping for a pencil
I'd like to request hypoallergenic blankets
I'd like to request more body wash
I'd like to request more face towels
I'd like to request more shampoo
I'd like to request more shower caps
I'd like to request more shower gel
I'd like to request post-it notes
I'd like to request slippers
I'd like to request some watermarked paper
I'd like to request the front desk for more body lotion
I'd like to request the front desk for more shampoo
I'd like to see how much I weigh, send scale
I'd like to see the wine menu
I'd like to shave now, request shaving kit
I'd like to sleep in today, please shut the curtains
I'd like to use a fountain pen
I'll bet a person could learn a lot by getting into that woman's apartment
I'll come right back, I'll just go pay for my car
I'll do anything you ask me, Anne, but I will not live
I'll drive him to the precinct, you can have him but I'm walking him in
I'll drive, then we'll go out in a blaze of glory
I'll figure something out How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
I'll find out where he gets the money to hang around the bank
I'll have to go to a new high school, again
I'll join you as soon as I see my father's physician
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round.
I'll take her home and check out her apartment
I'll take you to the bar, after that, you're on your own
I'll tell your mother not to expect you at the funeral
I'll use the profits to restore the business
I'm In the mood to exercise, what are the hours for the hotel gym?
I'm a little schoolgirl, I'm mommy, I'm a Czech girl
I'm afraid I lost the ticket I got from the parking valet
I'm an assistant manager at their corporate headquarters
I'm done looking at information about hotel restaurants
I'm done looking at the in-room dining screen
I'm feeling out of shape, I want to use the hotel gym
I'm full now, I want to close the screen with dining information
I'm getting in that room, and I'm opening that safe
I'm getting married in two months, and you're just finding a band?
I'm going to major in business administration and, I think minor in Communications
I'm going to step out and mean something in this world
I'm going to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date
I'm gonna be kind of jealous of you, getting to have Gazzola's pizza whenever you want
I'm gonna introduce you to that girl you've been staring at
I'm gonna kick your ass, right in front of your stupid house
I'm gonna need the spare key to her apartment
I'm gonna put my hand up your dog now
I'm having a heart attack, call for help
I'm having a party for all my clients
I'm having issues with the room's safe
I'm having issues with the room's safety box
I'm having problems with the safety box
I'm having some issues with the safety box
I'm having some problems with the safety box
I'm having trouble with the safety box
I'm her father supposed to be, but I'm not able to
I'm in a hurry, can I check out using my smartphone?
I'm in the book, if you ever want to drop me a line or something
I'm interested to see if there are meeting spaces available for use
I'm just wondering if they have a bar or not
I'm kind of liking his new facial hair.
I'm leaving Seoul for two months so can I freeze my FITNESS membership?
I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there
I'm not going to use the hotel sauna, close screen immediately 
I'm not in the mood to use the Sauna for today
I'm not really sold on the whole charter school idea.
I'm not so sure I can say the same thing. You don't look like a cop
I'm not some snot-nosed resident fresh out of medical school, Blake
I'm not the first man God has asked to fight in His name
I'm not thirsty anymore, close in-room dining screen
I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman.
I'm on my way to the school like you wanted
I'm on vacation, I want to use the spa
I'm out of the business now, so forget about it
I'm parched, is there water?
I'm placing a request for big towels
I'm placing a request for some sticky notes
I'm pretty sure this is a mix tape you made me in sophomore year
I'm proud to serve this organization, said Travis.
I'm putting you down and keeping you down until Ganz is locked up or dead
I'm requesting a change in bath mats
I'm requesting big towels
I'm requesting for more soap
I'm requesting for some envelopes
I'm requesting for some foam pillow
I'm requesting more shampoo
I'm requesting tooth brush and toothpaste
I'm running in circles in the middle of some foreign country
I'm running low on body wash, please send more
I'm running low on shampoo, please send more
I'm running low on shampoo, request more
I'm running low on toothpaste
I'm running out of body lotion, please send more
I'm running out of shower gel
I'm rushed, can I get a paper cup and a lid?
I'm satisfied with the results provided, I don't need to know more information regarding the topic
I'm sitting here with a beautiful woman I just met, eating at my favorite restaurant
I'm sorry I couldn't go with you to Missy's funeral
I'm sorry but can I request a woman as my personal trainer at FITNESS?
I'm sorry but can you disregard the valet request I made?
I'm sorry if I caused you to lose your business deal
I'm sorry, doctor, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this
I'm sure he will supply for us an apartment
I'm sure that they did when Eisenhower was President.
I'm taking your car and going back to the crime scene
I'm talking about a five dollar kick in the head that's a quick ticket to heaven
I'm thirsty, please send water
I'm thirsty, request more water
I'm told that dress is the very latest fashion in London
I'm usually a very strong woman, but I'm awfully tired.
I'm worried, school board treasurer Cheryl File said.
I've been taking pictures so long I don't know how to read anymore
I've been trying to get through that book ever since I first got here
I've checked out of the room, can the front desk hold my bags?
I've chosen my menu, how do I order in-room dining?
I've chosen the restaurant location for today, close out the screen now
I've felt very uncomfortable since they brought it up from storage
I've finally found someone I can feel completely safe with
I've got a Fire Marshall shot, Detective Jackson is hurt but not seriously
I've looked at everything, I want to log out of the screen with dining information
I've met with circles all over the world.
I've seen a lot of kids die, too, in World War II
I've spent many long hours in a car with your face staring back at me
I've tried to stop the evening papers, but it's useless
I've used all my cotton swabs, please send more
I've used all my hand towels
I've used all my towels
I've used my shaving kit, please send over a new one
I've used my vanity kit already, request a new one
I've used up all the tissue paper
Ice baths, electric shocks, lashings, wild dogs, testicle crushers.
Ice caused the aerator to overload, straining the drive belts.
Ice cream? Isn???ice cream packed with sugar?
Ice cream? Isn? ice cream packed with sugar?
If Ganz gets away with my money, you're going to be sorry we ever met
If God be for us, who can be against us?
If God could do that, He could do anything.
If God intends you to go, then you will go
If I bring in a picture, can the BOUTIQUE SPA design my nails that way?
If I can teach table manners to humans, I can save the world
If I do ever get married, I'm keeping it simple
If I don't deal with this, they really might try to take Jacob
If I don't, she'll go off and have the baby on her own somewhere
If I request valet parking, where would you park my car?
If I'm going to marry someone, she has to be perfect
If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years?
If an act of God is what it takes, then an act of God it is
If he didn't work more quickly, Taylor sacked him.
If it were up to the Doctor, you'd be in pain
If it's any comfort to you, I don't think you're crazy
If it's my father they want then give him to them
If it's the tall man, he had one of those hair transplants
If parents don't value God's Word, children won't either.
If so, you are of the old school.
If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy
If that woman were still alive, she'd be wearing it
If the farm is rented, the rent must be paid.
If the situation had been bad, it now got worse.
If there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive
If they can catch you in a lie, they can paint everything with that brush
If we find the money I'll buy you an international conference all your own
If we go to the DMZ, can we see across into North Korea?
If we was both armed, you wouldn't talk so tough.
If women replaced people, it would normally have dominant stress.
If you are having fun, you are doing it right!
If you can find them, I will take their names to the police
If you could bag it, I'll be on my way, thank you
If you could go anywhere in the world, anywhere, where would you want to go?
If you did that, you'd get nothing except the police after you
If you don't get married in that time, you have to re-propose
If you don't let go, Doctor Jones, we'll both die
If you don't start meeting him halfway, you're gonna lose him
If you don't want my film, I'll call another show
If you have a pencil and paper, I'll tell you how to send it
If you want to come up a minute, I'll show you some pictures
If you were with the police you wouldn't have done it
If you weren't digging up a girl who died six years ago
If you're not human, then why do you bleed like us?
If your checks have been stolen or misused, stop payment.
If your dog bites, you will be held responsible.
Immediately after dinner, however, Rousseau asks for still another favor.
Immediately, the free world was up in arms.
Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved.
In 1893, the US economy hit some serious problems.
In 1932, Hitler and his Nazi party came to power.
In 1936 he decided to migrate to America.
In 1938, Hitler's German army marched into Czechoslovakia.
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic.
In 1952 Mr. Eisenhower won all but Missouri.
In 1969, it seemed like a crazy idea.
In 1991, Jennifer is back in the US.
In 1999, the company had sales of around $750 million.
In 2001, Jennifer stars in The Wedding Planner.
In America, such self-deception has served a particularly useful purpose.
In Islam, you are a slave to God, she said.
In Japan, four stores opened and twenty more were planned.
In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
In Precinct 4, the position is a head accountant.
In Revolution Square, they put up a giant cross today.
In a fallen world there will always be bullies.
In a pool of blood, landmarks of repression stand out.
In a speech, he called the challenge a growing issue.
In addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and illustrations.
In case I didn't tell you, it's cash only, gentlemen
In certain cases, as in Dick Stewart's, a child's personality is affected.
In contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more formal.
In fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
In front of him is a gold phone.
In his concept there could be no one else present.
In just about every athletic activity there are two parts.
In major market activity, treasury bond prices fell.
In modern business, she says, it's exactly the same situation.
In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, POP plunged $4 to $14.75.
In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to take a test
In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to undergo a test
In other words, we can't seen like we're in the revenge business
In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring
In police and citizen interactions, power dynamics are rarely equal.
In richer areas, people tried to keep their wealth secret.
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress.
In that case it's a Class D felony.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school wide blow out
In the $300-a-share buyout, that totaled about $76.7 million.
In the 1930's, cures for the depression literally flooded Washington.
In the United States, the picture was banned.
In the book, he asked some important questions.
In the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of TV sets.
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire.
In the fall, the group announced several new board members.
In the future, food will most likely be served in gel-cap form
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards.
In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp.
In the late 1940s, Japanese society was slowly changing.
In the meantime, we must make new contacts, replace our arrested brothers, reorganize our sections
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery
In the plastic arts, a very similar situation exists.
In the realm of physical sensations, sex reigns supreme.
In the same year, Jennifer is in four movies.
In the second period, however, both teams changed their tactics.
In the twilight of my career, do I deserve this?
In the winter, you can have a goal too.
In the year-earlier quarter, the tax credit was $3.3 million.
In their eyes, they are in a no-lose situation.
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment.
Includes a catered dinner and live and silent auctions.
Increase your physical activity and maintain a healthy weight
Indians and Cavaliers game-day parking will be permitted.
Industry analyst Steve Spencer believes other processors will follow suit.
Inform the front desk that I need bath salts
Inform the hotel staff that I need an extra mattress
Inside that leather bag with the pockets is a package of lens cleaners
Inside the hearing room, those signs will be forbidden.
Instead, representatives from all 32 NFL teams looked on.
Internal national responsibility, now a truism, need not be documented.
International Salt Company in United States will be closing
International Women's Day is this coming Sunday, March eighth.
Inventories increased $625,000 to $8 million during the year and should decline in coming months.
Investment-grade corporate, municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell.
Invitations can come in ways we might never expect.
Invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov.
Iraq boasts an army of 1 million members.
Iraq has 17 million residents, and Kuwait about 1.9 million.
Is Betty still trying to find that soap opera guy?
Is Bukchon Village a large area to cover for a quick tour?
Is FITNESS hosting any pilates or hot yoga classes today?
Is Palais de Chine authentic Chinese food or a fusion type?
Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts?
Is anything being done to increase our margin of safety?
Is betting allowed at the Seoul racehorse races and events?
Is bibimbap suitable for vegans or are there vegan bibimbap restaurants?
Is bringing small pets into department stores and markets like Costco permitted?
Is free breakfast included with my room or must I pay separately?
Is ginseng chicken soup or samgyetang okay for people with gluten allergies?
Is he Santa Claus who has left a present for Dorothy?
Is it all right for a woman to walk around this area at night?
Is it better to go to the DMZ with an organize tour company?
Is it common for bars to check IDs and ages in Seoul?
Is it expensive to visit a traditional teahouse in Insadong?
Is it faster for me to get Yeouido if I take a bus or subway?
Is it faster to get to Incheon International Airport or Gimpo Airport from here?
Is it faster to get to Lotte World by bus or by subway from here?
Is it legal to drink outside on the streets in Seoul?
Is it ok if I leave my car you think?
Is it possible for a beginner climber to reach the summit of Bukhansan?
Is it possible for me to get two lockers at FITNESS?
Is it possible for you to get two last-minute tickets to the EXO concert tomorrow?
Is it possible for you to recommend a private guide for us?
Is it possible to get 2 child sized slippers
Is it possible to get a highball glass sent to the room?
Is it possible to get a whiskey glass sent to the room?
Is it possible to get thirty bowls brought up to my room?
Is it possible to go on a ferry cruise tour along the Han River?
Is it possible to have another mug sent to the room?
Is it possible to have my car parked above ground rather than underground?
Is it possible to host an event at the Palais de Chine for 100 people?
Is it quicker to get to Lotte World by subway or by train?
Is it recommended to go to Bukhansan alone or with a group?
Is it safe for woman to visit Gangnam alone at night?
Is it safe to eat street vendor food in the city?
Is it safe to go on a tour of the DMZ?
Is it too late to book a treatment session at the BOUTIQUE SPA for tomorrow?
Is it too late to make a BOUTIQUE SPA appointment for today at 2 PM?
Is it true that restaurants will deliver food to picnic spots near Hangang River?
Is my credit card being charged during check-in?
Is parking free for hotel guests or is that not included?
Is that woman a complete fruit loop or is it just me?
Is the BOUTIQUE SPA a franchise chain or run by the hotel?
Is the BOUTIQUE SPA responsible for lost or stolen items?
Is the Joint Security Area at the DMZ a place accessible to tourists?
Is the SOMA Museum of Art open today and how much does it cost?
Is the coffee machine working properly?
Is the consent of the governed a numerical majority?
Is the desk lamp on or off right now?
Is the fitness center free for all the guests?
Is the fitness center open during the holidays?
Is the gym open now?
Is the hotel gym open right now?
Is the hotel gym open?
Is the hotel indoor pool and jacuzzi open to all hotel guests?
Is the hotel room safe, safe?
Is the hotel sauna available right now?
Is the hotel sauna open right now?
Is the hotel sauna open?
Is the hotel swimming pool open right now?
Is the hotel swimming pool open?
Is the hotel's gym open for 24 hours a day?
Is the outdoor pool available during the winter?
Is the sauna available for both men and women?
Is the sauna open and available throughout the year?
Is the sauna open now?
Is the swimming pool open now?
Is there WiFi at FITNESS that I can access without paying another fee?
Is there a business center available for use?
Is there a charge for valet parking at this hotel?
Is there a doctor in the hotel? I need assistance
Is there a fee to go jetskiing at Jamsil Water Leisure Park?
Is there a fee to use the fitness center for guests staying at this hotel?
Is there a hospital or clinic that caters specifically to tourists?
Is there a humidifier available for me to request?
Is there a lid and a paper cup I can use?
Is there a lifeguard on duty at the hotel swimming pool?
Is there a lint brush available?
Is there a lock safe that I can use in my hotel room?
Is there a lounge with cocktails available?
Is there a mandatory entrance fee for nightclubs in Seoul after midnight?
Is there a place in Seoul that caters to anime fans?
Is there a place in Seoul where I can borrow a wheelchair?
Is there a place in the spa where I can safeguard my valuables?
Is there a place that I can leave my children at while I go to the spa?
Is there a place that will deliver food to our hotel room this late at night?
Is there a place where we can experience a traditional Korean tea ceremony?
Is there a relaxation zone within the sauna?
Is there a restaurant that serves good meals to go?
Is there a restaurant where I can eat temple food?
Is there a sauna or a steambath available at your spa?
Is there a service charge for utilizing the hotel spa service?
Is there a smith machine available for use at FITNESS?
Is there a spot available at the BOUTIQUE SPA for an upper lip waxing?
Is there a table charge at the Palais de Chine?
Is there a valet attendant who can deal with my vehicle?
Is there a way to control the sheer curtains only?
Is there a way to use the gym while I wait to check-in?
Is there an additional cost to include breakfast with our stay?
Is there an adults only time at the hotel swimming pool?
Is there an affordable all-you-can-eat Korean barbecue restaurant in Gangnam?
Is there an age restriction to use the hotel's fitness center?
Is there an age restriction to use the pool?
Is there an appropriate place in Seoul where I can go fishing?
Is there an entrance fee for the gym?
Is there an entrance fee for the sauna?
Is there an entrance fee to be admitted to the War Museum?
Is there an entrance fee to use the gym?
Is there an extra fee to access the hotel FITNESS?
Is there an extra fee to rent an air purifier for three days?
Is there another night market besides Dongdaemun that we can visit?
Is there any body lotion I could use?
Is there any other charges I have to deal with before I leave?
Is there any point in going to Myeongdong if we've already visited COEX?
Is there any shampoo I could use?
Is there anybody who can park my car for me?
Is there anything I can get for my child at the spa facility?
Is there anything appropriate for children to eat at the Palais de Chine?
Is there body scrub available?
Is there breakfast to go?
Is there dehumidifier available to help with the humidity?
Is there free WiFi access at the fitness center?
Is there glossy paper available?
Is there handicap parking on site?
Is there humidifier available?
Is there ice available?
Is there moisturizer available?
Is there more information about the time the gym closes?
Is there parking available near Bukchon Folk Village or is driving there a bad idea?
Is there shaving cream?
Is there some magic in it that assures results?
Is there toothpaste available?
Is traffic usually bad on the bridges over the Hangang River?
Is valet parking a free service or do I have to pay?
Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
Issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions.
It all did look very efficient and shipshape.
It all takes place in the eighteenth century.
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose.
It began selling its products online in mid-1996.
It bothers me when cops get hurt while I'm making a play
It can also free workers from slow paper processes.
It can hold back up to 20 feet of water.
It doesn't jeopardize big seafood suppliers a bit, everyone benefits.
It doesn't seem possible, but could it be an electrical storm center?
It earned $2 million from Freddie Mac for its work.
It feels like I've been on a Cook's Tour some place
It feels like the press box is living that now.
It feels stuffy, I want a dehumidifier
It feels stuffy, put in a request for a dehumidifier
It had been empty since the war started.
It happened on the second hole, a 55-yarder.
It has already wiped out half the wild devil population.
It has come to mean economic development in general.
It has since been shared across the world.
It hasn't made merger overtures to the board.
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death.
It is also our church, so it made sense.
It is an ugly business and there are few, if any, wreaths for them.
It is an unmitigated threat to responsible land management.
It is dull business, detecting, and hard on feet.
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time.
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science.
It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere.
It is such rubbish that I am not even angry at it
It is the capacity to get to know oneself.
It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world.
It is the wages of sin, and its sting is the law.
It is unclear how many shots were fired, police said.
It is very chic to drive foreign cars.
It isn't human not to feel lonely, it isn't human not to afraid!
It just felt like there could be this weird connection between us
It may at times have to do with human trafficking.
It now serves the President in his oval office.
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield.
It required strength, bravado, daring to commit murder.
It requires a great deal of empathy and knowledge.
It says it is still assessing the damages.
It seemed that nothing could stop the car.
It seems that he was a thief and an imposter
It seems to me that there isn't a bar in here
It should be turned into a museum, she said.
It should make for really fun skiing, Long said.
It shows that the school is moving forward, he said.
It still doesn't make sense, but it isn't worth any quarter of a million either
It turns out that he is a fan of my reporting for BBC
It used to be called the Resource Recovery Fund Board.
It was John who found the lion tracks.
It was May of 2006 in New York City, and life was good
It was a good way to end his career.
It was a thirty-kilometer round trip, but school was important.
It was all Greg had time to see.
It was almost as white as his teeth.
It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch.
It was also the time of the Vietnam war.
It was believed that each belligerent party had his reasons.
It was crazy in there, but I threw up, and now I feel better
It was dark early, because of the storm.
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century.
It was for him, says board member Barbara Hatch.
It was fun, fast and, at times, brutal.
It was funny but it was also touching.
It was history that must be in error, not the historian.
It was left out of him at birth.
It was probably 50 years old at that time, and it made truly terrible coffee
It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson
It was so cute how he had his own little bags
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm.
It was the employees that made it a success.
It was the first deal of its type in Australia.
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office.
It was the time of the Cold War.
It was the tower again and the bell, and the old Spanish village
It was the worst financial disaster of the twentieth century.
It was, indeed, all here -- almost a century.
It wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line
It wasn't yet digital, but it was extremely valuable.
It went to his head, and his ambition increased.
It will be at the museum until March 30.
It will be brought to me and placed at my feet
It will be his first time attending an overnight camp.
It will be owned by Colorado-based Bald Mountain Development.
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes.
It will take us ages to trim those trees
It will take us forever to build this doll house
It would be ideal if you could park my car in basement four
It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot.
It's a call back service, a girl will call you back
It's a clip from a documentary called Orgasmic Birth.
It's a direct line to both my office and my apartment
It's a good thing your father passed away before he saw insanity ravage the family
It's a great look, but you're looking at the wrong girl
It's a hospital's job to care for mental health too.
It's a lesson the Yukon fire service knows too well.
It's a long shot, but Billy used to tend bar here a few years back
It's a piece of the treasure of Island of Meauta
It's a really great school for what I'm doing.
It's a sin against God for me to refuse your kindness
It's a small percentage of our total stock, he said.
It's a square deal all around, and you can't hope for better
It's always better to take precautions but I'm sure Church will be all right
It's an emergency, make a call now
It's been a hectic day, I'd like to relax at the hotel sauna
It's been preserved exactly as it was a hundred years ago as a museum
It's brains that give one bank or another the advantage.
It's certainly the best chance they've had to kill you
It's cheap, and people know to mind their own business
It's crazy the lion shouldn't be that hungry this soon
It's crazy, I don't know where you came from but
It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products
It's enough to know that we are one with God.
It's essential that I am able to trust you to function independently in the world
It's full of swords and video games and kind of smells like dude
It's funny I never thought to tell her you were a girl, isn't it?
It's glitter or die in the Desert City.
It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is
It's hardly a stepping stone to higher office!
It's just to pick up some extra money.
It's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignored like that
It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth
It's nice to do favors for people you do business with
It's not for a beginner restaurant owner, Finley said.
It's not really a sport for a girl
It's not something we're not used to in the industry.
It's one reason I suspect Mr. Woods will win.
It's only going to make for a better community.
It's quite dark in here, I want to open up the room darkening curtains
It's the driest start in history, he said.
It's the fault of the President of the United States.
It's the most dangerous and awesome sport in the world
It's the wanting that holds body and soul together, and sometimes, the wanting lives on
It's too humid, is there a dehumidifier available?
It's winning market share and creating brands that are recognized!
Its aim is to undermine further Cuba's economy.
Its cafes had been full of great artists and writers.
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court.
Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago
Jane opened her book and made a note of them.
Jane sighed. 'It's not easy being your secretary, is it?'
Jennifer Kline, Central Florida Future Like this topic?
Jennifer Lopez does all of these jobs very well.
Jennifer and Marc marry and they are very happy.
Jennifer is happy but she can't take a vacation.
Jennifer is in the back of the car.
Jennifer is not the star of that movie.
Jennifer lives in her dance school for a short time.
Jennifer sings for it with her friend Marc Anthony.
Jennifer stars in two thrillers, Angel Eyes and Enough.
Jennifer works on the movie in front of Selena's family.
Jesus Christ, I'm getting a boner just looking at it
Jesus saith unto him, until seventy times seven.
Jesus' inert body would be passive, his eyes closed.
John Hood held the seat for six terms.
John found it difficult, but he held him in check.
John was driving home when the accident happened
John's reply was like a declaration of war.
John, do you think I was too soft on TV?
John, if you don't throw me the keys, then I'll just walk away
Johnston is currently working as a business consultant.
Jordan Smith is the Season 9 winner of 'The Voice.'
Just because I'm married, there's no reason for that
Just burning them up, no proper funeral, it's like condemning them to hell
Just don't let the Seward Park folk get too involved.
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours.
Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut
Just give me a chip of ice to put in my mouth
Just listen to this, Does her miss her Baby?
Just look at this mess I got to deal with
Just one month later, the New York Stock Exchange crashed.
Just one thing after he made such a big deal out of it
Just throw the bag, as is, in the freezer.
Just-in-time delivery can be a reality for any industry.
Justice David Gideon threw the book at her.
Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously.
Katie, you are about to be a part of history
Knee injuries in professional football players are common.
Knowledge management is a fancy term for a simple idea.
Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white.
Lake Washington came in ninth, with 34 points.
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries.
Later that morning, with police closing in, Duffy committed suicide.
Later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns.
Later this play would be called Welcome To Our City.
Launch in-room dining options
Launch now sauna information
Launch room dining
Launch sauna information
Launch swimming pool information
Launch swimming pool information, now
Laura has not been feeling well lately
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
Lay the oiled chicken on a baking sheet.
Leadership was experienced and skillful, and financial resources were significant.
Legalizing the AR seems like a safe option.
Legs, arms and heads flew all over the church.
Lesson three, don't even think about getting married till you're 30
Let me call the school, tell them not to let her go
Let me do a quick physical check up
Let me help him, for the love of God!
Let me know about sheer curtains
Let me know about the status of the curtains
Let me know abouth the status of the curtains
Let me know the status of the sheer curtains
Let me set up another meeting and I'll be back
Let parking know that I have a separate valet key they can use
Let the front desk know that I need more linens
Let the hotel staff know I want seven more pillows
Let the hotel staff know I want two more pillows
Let your pupils learn on someone else, Doctor.
Let's celebrate with a long hike in the woods tomorrow!
Let's go get in your car right now and just take off
Let's not make a big deal out of this, okay?
Let's trade death by Freddy for life in a rubber room
Light, especially daylight, is always bad for wine.
Like playing an entire season with a separated shoulder.
Like, you Inspector Brimmer are not going to be sitting in your car anymore
Likely Democratic Agriculture chairman, Collin Peterson, blames US WTO concessions.
Lillian's been trying to nail me to a cross since the day I met her
Lily, now that you're going to be a Mrs
Lisa Ace will be taking care of business.
Listen Grayson, I've got 106 bucks and 75 cents in the bank
Listen Stew baby, let's not talk about things like that now
Listen, I have to shoot Cedar Bridge until a little after sunset
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School
Listen, I'm not going to go to that little reunion party
Listen, maybe you and Floyd can come for dinner on Saturday
Listen, the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her
Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery.
Little is not disappearing from the clothing world.
Little things are gonna be changing around that apartment
Live exports remain steady at around 4.5 million.
Local cash donations also catch the eyes of national candidates.
Local musicians, rappers, poets and comedians are invited to join.
Local races had rarely, if ever, involved party politics.
Log out of sauna information
Log out screen on sauna information
London was the height of fashion in clothes and music.
Long term loans have been reduced by $400,000 to $2.5 million
Look at this, all of a sudden everybody is joining the party
Look for Seoul travel on YouTube
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes.
Look for me, I'll be the guy in the awesome suit
Look on YouTube for activities in Korea videos
Look up Korean culture clips on YouTube
Look up gym hours
Look up in-room dining options
Look up information about the gym
Look up information about the hotel gym, now
Look up information about the hotel swimming pool, now
Look up information about the sauna
Look up information about the swimming pool
Look up more information about the hotel gym
Look up more information about the hotel sauna
Look up more information about the hotel swimming pool
Look up now information about the hotel sauna
Look up options for room dining
Look up restaurants in Seoul on YouTube
Look up room dining
Look up sauna hours
Look up sauna information
Look up swimming pool hours
Look up swimming pool information
Look up what options are available for in-room dining
Look up what options are available for room dining
Look, Frank, she stands to inherit three million dollars
Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
Look, Jack, if you make everything your personal responsibility, you'll turn into a bad cop
Look, Natalie, I was just a stupid kid back then, terrified of commitment
Loose, breathable bags are best for fridge storage.
Luciano attended the Italian government offices once a week.
Luciano bought an alarm system and put in electronic gates.
Luciano described the catalog as a witness to peace.
Luciano had also met the woman he would marry.
Luciano pulled a chair up to the shallow water.
Luciano wanted to take his business ideas to the world.
Luciano was also making plans for the family business.
Lucy was a lively part of the household.
Lunch will be followed by a research help session.
MLB issued the following statement about the meeting.
Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes.
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen.
Maguire and me got out by the skin of our teeth
Main purpose of the meeting : To discuss President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress.
Make a quick emergency call
Make a request for a comb
Make a request for a new set of face towels
Make a request for a paper cup with a lid
Make a request for additional laundry bags
Make a request for box tape
Make a request for bus tickets
Make a request for envelopes
Make a request for individual boxes for packing
Make a request for sanitary bags
Make a request for scissors
Make a request for some boxes
Make a request for some tape and scissors
Make a request for sticky notes
Make a request to change the bath mats
Make a request to have a scale sent to the room
Make all curtains open
Make all the curtains in this place to open
Make an emergency call
Make sure that all information inside government is digital.
Make the AC on fan mode for more ventilation
Make the curtains closed now
Making a first class Grade A monkey out of me
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals.
Man, through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom, was master of his destiny.
Managers who followed Taylor's ideas were famous for their watches.
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience.
Many are busy grading baby saltwater crocodiles, according to size.
Many free schools are struggling to find appropriate sites.
Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine.
Many noticed his light blond hair and piercing blue eyes.
Many of Chevrolet's employees were afraid of him.
Many of the employees had a long history with TDS.
Many people blamed US business for this situation.
Many stores offer cheap options that look expensive.
Many students of literature know that classical defense.
Maria falls in love with Steve Edison, a doctor.
Marina yawned and turned the page of her book.
Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson's in New York.
Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together.
Marketed by Rooftop Estates & Lettings Beautiful apartment.
Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs.
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs.
Mary would have to carry the human communication.
May I ask what the rest of that sentence was going to be?
May I be the first to welcome you to the class
May I request a male or female spa therapist for my package?
May I use only credit card to check-in?
Maybe I'll see you later, when I pick up my car?
Maybe these ladies would like to go a few laps with us
Maybe we will produce a National Championship of sorts.
Maybe you better start thinking about writing tickets off a three wheel bike
Meanwhile, fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers.
Meanwhile, he's got a hands-on chef in Harris.
Meanwhile, the city itself should be talked to.
Meet me in the bar and do it right away
Members and interested volunteers are encouraged to attend the meeting.
Members will decorate historical buildings for the holiday season.
Membership consists of both beginners and experienced players.
Membership is open to any woman student in the College.
Memphis International Airport is now the largest airfreight terminal globally.
Men don't know which end is up till a woman points
Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated, then came along.
Midwest Financial has $2.3 billion in assets and eight banks.
Might get drummed out of the pornographer's union, and then where would I be?
Might the film have been released on too many screens?
Mike crawled to the door and peered in.
Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash.
Mike was slow getting into the box this time.
Miller County Middle School is honored that he's in ours.
Miller explained that the money would go towards adding classes.
Miller had two kills, six aces and two assists.
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar.
Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world even Mom said so
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition.
Mom had asked me to go grocery shopping before she left for work this morning
Monmouth's final two games are at Coastal Carolina and Gardner-Webb.
More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder.
More information on room darkening curtains
More than 48 million visitors come to Orlando each year.
More water, please
Moreover, she had physical as well as mental vigor.
Most of us brush our teeth by hand.
Most people, in the same situation, wouldn't come back.
Mother Nature pretty much put her out of business.
Mr Chance says farmers have to prepare for major damage.
Mr Dobbin says the drought is causing great stress.
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School.
Mr. Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace.
Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death
Mr. President, the press guys asked if you could come back for a minute
Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial
Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive.
Mr. Sullivan is facing a possible 15-years to life sentence.
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
Mrs Davies leaves a son, a daughter and four grandchildren.
Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years.
Mrs. Clark, as house manager, planned the menus and cared for the ordering.
Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this.
Mrs. Meeker hadn't got around to taking care of that.
Mrs. Pastern asked sadly, when he came in.
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations.
Mrs. Stevens was a native of Barrow County.
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman.
Much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements.
Must I tip for room service?
My John applied to six colleges before he got in.
My airport shuttle was supposed to be here at 11:30 but it hasn't arrived
My bed needs new sheets
My bedding is dirty
My brother Harold was about the same age as those kids, John
My car gulped 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth.
My children want to go to the teddy bear museum in Seoul
My clothes don't fit in my luggage, I need a cardboard box to pack my things in
My comb broke so can I get an extra one please?
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve.
My dog went to sleep with a concussion and woke up a vegetable
My farm is affected as much anyone else's, he said.
My father is a Rear Admiral in the Seventh Fleet
My father ran him off here six years ago.
My father used to have a saying, God sees the truth, but waits
My father, a wise man, asked him not to.
My future plans are to become a language teacher.
My goal at FITNESS is to tone my muscles and maintain heart health
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials.
My hotel vanity is out of Q-tips and cotton pads
My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash
My husband was the only one with the combination to this safe
My laptop needs the wifi password
My letter is really about how to refuse food?
My mama's bag and my granma's bag, and a long line of mamas before her
My nose is runny, send tissue paper
My old lady swallowed a bottle of pills one day while I was at school
My on board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements
My paper was well-received by the Muslims and Christians there.
My people weren't taking any pictures from those ships
My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours.
My room is out of toilet paper
My room needs a fan
My room needs bath towels
My room needs forty more cups
My room needs four more cups
My room needs more bath towels
My room needs more toilet paper
My room requires 3 ball point pens
My roommates are having a party not far from here
My sister really liked that doll house, and she was not very happy
My skin feels dry, is there a humidifier?
My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away.
My wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind
NI talked with Hicks about her distinctive Bahamian island style.
NPR's Elaine Corey has more from San Francisco.
National television brings the event to many viewers.
Nationally, about 40 million birds are harvested every year.
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
Near the doorway or the near the front of the church?
Nearly 6,000 calves were auctioned for around $3 million.
Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation.
Neither are beds, thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags.
Never having to go to a farmer's market
Never really had a childhood, caring for her father, going to school
Nevertheless, the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings.
New York City, United States of America, 1982
New York City, United States of America, 1998
New York City, the United States of America, 1989
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 220 billion shares.
Newspapers have not been able to keep up.
Next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm.
Nigeria will boil, and the world would laugh at us.
Nine months from today, I will be in Medellin sipping champagne
No I don't want to go to school here tomorrow
No bills have been filed by either committee.
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses.
No eating or smoking in here, but there's a coffee machine in the hall
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense.
No lack of opportunity, presuming she had a gun.
No more shower gel, please request more
No more than the woman who said she would take Granada from the Moors
No need say anything at all to the old woman.
No offense, Whistler, but you're not exactly working with state of the art equipment here
No one here pokes fun at manly virtues.
No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house
No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however.
No sport has as many experts as does baseball.
No thanks to you, What you think of the hair?
No, I go to a school to learn how to do hair
No, I said I'd get you a pizza afterwards
No, but I was just at party number three
No, he didn't have his gun, which he should have.
No, let's go back to party number one
No, the Cleveland Cavaliers aren't having the season everyone expected.
No, they could kill him just as easy right now.
No, we just had lunch at the hotel with my brother and his new wife
No, we will mail the test results to you
Nobody wanted you to leave school and go to work in the store
Non-subscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.
None of the food looks appetizing
None of the neighbors got close to him, or his wife
None of these values is destroyed, not significantly altered by refrigeration storage.
None were finer than the Highland's Bar and Grill.
None, there's nothing else, you know how tight the market is
Nor do I have the luxury of not taking sides.
Not all the concern for health is well directed.
Not all the paintings, however, are of cities.
Not getting hitched in the church of your childhood?
Not if his body disappears and not if the money is still here
Not surprisingly, she ate her food, excused herself. That's the last they saw her
Not that it was any of her business.
Not to mention people driving over her and doggies doing their business
Nothing of value was reported missing from the vehicle.
Nothing will change if the amendment fails or passes.
Nothing, however, could be farther from the truth.
Now Dyle, you listen to me, my mama didn't raise no stupid children
Now about 4,100 businesses are using this program.
Now have you given any thought to that Peace and Freedom Party thing
Now he's the front-runner for the 15th District House seat.
Now schoolwork is not very important to Jennifer.
Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar.
Now they have some money in emergency situations.
Now we can get our own apartment and do anything we want
Now you can bring the vehicle to a stop: there on the left
Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe.
Now, I sifted through your party submissions, and I narrowed them down to these five
Now, another of those historic paintings has finally emerged.
Now, he knew there was a city with an oasis due east
Now, if you asked me to meet you tomorrow, it would really drive him insane
Now, lad, just because it don't point north don't mean it don't work
Now, please let us go before we miss our international business meeting
Nowadays, there is a pharmacy inside most supermarkets
Numerous carnival rides and games are also in abundance.
OK, I will put down one box of ice cream if you say so
Obama clearly points out the high stakes in this election.
Obama, despite his efforts to resist, has gotten spattered.
Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road.
Occasionally I have had really bad headaches and an upset stomach
Of course you'll decide you deserve the bigger one, and who's to argue?
Of course, it's just for us to verify your credit card information
Of that cost, about $250 million went on software development.
Oh hell no, I'm not in a hospital.
Oh my God, Elvis Presley's wiggling his hips, how offensive!
Oh, God, I am so sorry about this
Oh, I know, baby, I'd love to go, but it's two against one
Oh, buy four pieces of salmon filet and four pieces of catfish filet
Oh, come on, I didn't use one of the good towels
Oh, come on, man, what are we doing in this flea bag?
Oh, she just had to make an appearance at this other party
Oh, so it's back to pretending we're human again, is it?
Oh, there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished, and she never had it easy
Oh, yeah, she was spending New Year's with her boyfriend Derek
Okay, I know that stuff looks dumb from the outside
Okay, I'll meet you at party number three
Okay, would you mind if I borrowed some clothes?
Old man Christian wasn't about to go shopping for a snuff film himself
Old, tired, trembling the woman came to the cannery.
On 6 June they set out for Camp 5.
On Christmas night, they had had a disagreement about it.
On June 30, loss reserves stood at $108.3 million.
On Wednesday evening, November 23, 1859, in Warren, Rev.
On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights.
On what days is the shopping area of Myeongdong the least busiest?
On what floor can I find the hotel's spa and wellness center?
On what floor of the hotel can I find the BOUTIQUE SPA?
Once more, Katie reared, and whinnied in fear.
Once one bus is late, it causes a chain reaction.
Once they get what's in the safe deposit box they'll kill us
Once you're in the car with me, she's sure to come to us
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
One day you have an apartment, the next day it's a House of Dumplings
One even gave my little dog a biscuit.
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds.
One is a Mr. Ward, of Ward's Island fame.
One man dropped to his knee for better aim.
One night, after dinner with Marina, Luciano found the answer.
One of the 1st volunteer fire departments in British Columbia.
One of the by products of my belief is that I can become amazingly boring
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating.
One of the most important aspects of treatment is rehabilitation.
One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage.
One of those clear days that always come after Thanksgiving.
One of your pets had attempted to walk on water and drowned
One teacher saying it was a sad day.
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
Only 10 per cent of the state is considered satisfactory.
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were.
Only God knows the meaning of such words, my son
Only five porters continued with Mallory and Bruce.
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking.
Only then will we be able to deal with the French
Only two other Catholic colleges host an NFL training camp.
Open all curtains
Open all curtains, now
Open all the curtains
Open curtains
Open curtains in the room
Open gym information
Open in-room dining
Open room darkening curtains
Open room dining
Open sauna information
Open sauna information on screen
Open sheer curtains
Open swimming pool information
Open swimming pool information on screen
Open up all curtains
Open up curtains
Open up curtains in the room
Open up dining information of the hotel
Open up information about the hotel gym
Open up information about the hotel sauna
Open up information about the hotel swimming pool
Open up room darkening curtains
Open up sauna information
Open up sheer curtains
Open up sheer curtains in the room
Open up swimming pool information
Open up the curtains
Open up the curtains in this room
Open up the room darkening curtains
Open up the room darkening curtains in this place
Open up the sheer curtains
Open up the sheer curtains in this room
Open wide all curtains in this room
Open wide all the curtains
Open wide curtains in this room
Open wide room darkening curtains
Open wide room darkening curtains in this place
Open wide sheer curtains in this room
Open your heart to Him and pray, Stephen, pray!
Oprah decided to negotiate with the TV station.
Options for in-room dining
Options for room dining
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within?
Or do I have a wrong idea about heaven?
Or does it strive to create balance for employees?
Or perhaps she had just had enough of business.
Or the arrival of death on the shore.
Orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac.
Order a humidifier for my room
Order a pair of slippers
Order some ice
Organizations are invited to come and decorate an area.
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens.
Other car makers could not compete with GM for decades.
Other factions of the Democratic Party support the agreement.
Other morphological, physical, and optical property values are also given.
Other stations included health care, the bank, and even jail.
Our Systems focus on total Security & Life Safety Solutions.
Our architect took on the challenge with zeal.
Our big Metro News 1 camping trip was gonna be this weekend
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley.
Our edge is that they don't know we're in touch
Our entire economy will have a terrific uplift.
Our local community continues to be amazingly supportive.
Our players are starting to understand situations better, said Grant.
Our project leader believes that tomb to be located within the city of Venice, Italy
Our whole family needs slippers
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September.
Outside is attractive low maintenance garden, garage and parking.
Outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, commission, or other compensation.
Oval face without an expression in the world.
Over 4 million shares were sold, the highest figures since early June.
Over a hundred such organizations exist in Poland.
Over a three week period Keith received chemotherapy and radiation.
Over medium low heat, bring to a bare simmer.
Over there the bar, and in here, the dance floor
Overall availability of services could fall, Miller said.
Overall, more than 2 million foreigners are in both countries.
Overnight he became the most available man in Washington.
Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries.
Oxnard, California will be the home of the Rev.
Paid all this money for it and still can't get a apartment
Pakistan's national parks in northern terrain are worth exploring.
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement.
Panel enclosed bath, shower attachment, low level WC, sink.
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown.
Paper is increasing faster than digital technology can reduce it!
Parking available to the front of the garage.
Parking fines are a tax on stupidity or laziness.
Part of her wants to vote for a female president.
Participation is voluntary for doctors, health care providers and networks.
Party number five is 20 blocks away and all the way across town
Paul Clements will serve us well in Washington.
Paul Park, who helped pass the legalization legislation.
Paul had been watching television for two hours before it was turned off
Paul was exercising when his mother got home from work yesterday
Pavilion and Le Roy fire departments are responding.
People are really on the edge, and really, really sensitive.
People have climbed Everest from the south, north, and west.
Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra.
Perhaps I was never meant to live with a woman
Perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal.
Perhaps teachers will also need to be writers and consultants.
Perplexed, I stood next to the pile of boxes.
Peters said afterwards, 'It was like an order from God.'
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed.
Physical stores have much higher sales volumes than online stores.
Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls.
Place a request for a bar of soap
Place a request for a champagne glass
Place a request for a change in sheets
Place a request for a coffee cup
Place a request for a comb
Place a request for a disposable cup and a lid
Place a request for a few more hampers
Place a request for a few more hangers
Place a request for a foam pillow
Place a request for a highball glass
Place a request for a luggage chair
Place a request for a luggage rack
Place a request for a martini glass
Place a request for a mug
Place a request for a new tooth brush
Place a request for a pair of slippers suitable for kids
Place a request for a razor
Place a request for a reusable paper cup
Place a request for a scale
Place a request for a water refill
Place a request for a wine glass
Place a request for bedding
Place a request for body lotion
Place a request for body scrub
Place a request for body scrubs
Place a request for body wash
Place a request for boxes
Place a request for envelopes
Place a request for femenine hygiene products
Place a request for fresh linens
Place a request for hangers
Place a request for hangers to hang my pants
Place a request for international newspapers
Place a request for laundry bags to put my laundry in
Place a request for lined paper
Place a request for more Q-tips
Place a request for more cotton buds
Place a request for more cotton swabs
Place a request for more facial tissue paper
Place a request for more hangers for trousers
Place a request for more shower mats
Place a request for more toilet paper
Place a request for nail clippers
Place a request for nail polish remover
Place a request for pant hangers
Place a request for sanitary pads
Place a request for scissors
Place a request for shampoo
Place a request for shampoo to be sent immediately
Place a request for slippers suitable for kids
Place a request for some clean towels
Place a request for some fresh robes
Place a request for some pen
Place a request for some room amenities: scissors and box tape
Place a request for some slippers
Place a request for some writing paper
Place a request for some yellow post-it notes
Place a request for water bottles
Place a request slippers for children
Place a request to fix my room's hair dryer
Place a request to have my safety box fixed
Place all ingredients with ice in a shaker.
Place an order for a pair of children's slippers
Place an order for more ice
Place an order for some slippers
Place in a request for kid's slippers
Place in a request for shopping bags
Place on a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.
Place request for a carton box
Place request for a humidifier
Place request for additional laundry bags to be sent to the room
Place request for an additional comb
Place request for pair of slippers to be sent to the room
Place request for slippers for young children
Place request for some boxes
Place request for some tape
Place the hands in front of the chest.
Please bring 2 tubes of tooth paste
Please call emergency services
Please call the police
Please change my current sheets to hypoallergenic blankets
Please change my sheets to new ones, please
Please change shower mats
Please check for meeting space availability
Please check if the indoor pool can be used right now
Please close gym information
Please close information about gym, now
Please close information about sauna, now
Please close information about swimming pool, now
Please close sauna information
Please close swimming pool information
Please close the screen showing dining information
Please deliver a clean set of slippers
Please deliver some bath towels to my room
Please deliver some envelopes to my room
Please dial the emergency number
Please end screen containing dining information
Please explain what the Love Museum has and what its exhibitions are
Please fill a Ziploc bag with ice cubes
Please fix the problem with my coffee machine
Please fix the problem with my hair dryer
Please fix the room's safety box
Please give me information on the hotel's parking rules
Please give me more toilet paper
Please have a dehumidifier sent to my room, it feels stuffy in here
Please help me gather more information about the hotel sauna
Please let me know if shuttles are available as part of hotel services
Please let me know what time the pool closes on the weekends
Please make sure that all of my bed linens and blankets are cotton
Please make this room pitch black
Please offer recommendations on the best gifts and souvenirs shops in Seoul
Please open the curtains
Please open the room darkening curtains
Please open the sheer curtains
Please park my car below ground so that it doesn't get covered in snow
Please place a request for some blank sheets of A4 paper
Please place an order for ice in a bucket
Please place an order for more ice
Please provide me with guidelines for age to use the sauna
Please provide me with more small towels
Please provide me with some ice
Please provide some foam pillows
Please recommend a good spa package for my parents at the BOUTIQUE SPA
Please recommend some free sights and activities we can experience at Bukchon
Please recommend some indoor attractions for today since the air is poor outside
Please reduce dry air with a humidifier
Please remove my old towels and give me more hand towels
Please replace hand towels
Please replace my old towels
Please request front desk for a paper cup and a lid
Please send a cognac glass to the room
Please send a highball glass to the room
Please send a humidifier for my room
Please send a sewing kit to my room as soon as possible
Please send additional hangers for trousers
Please send an extra luggage rack to the room
Please send an extra pair of slippers
Please send another wine glass to the room
Please send body lotion to my room
Please send envelopes to my room
Please send femenine hygiene products to the room
Please send me an extra luggage chair
Please send me extra hampers for my clothes
Please send me extra hangers for my clothes
Please send me extra laundry bags for my clothes
Please send me extra shot glasses to the room
Please send me extra wine glasses to the room
Please send me international newspapers
Please send me lined paper
Please send me more shampoo
Please send me more slippers
Please send me more towels
Please send me some international newspapers
Please send more body lotion
Please send more sanitary bags
Please send more shampoo
Please send more toilet paper
Please send more toothpaste
Please send more water
Please send over a bar of soap to my room as soon as possible
Please send over more body wash
Please send over more small towels
Please send over more soap
Please send over some sticky notes for me to use
Please send pant hangers to my room
Please send sanitary pads to the room
Please send scissors to the room
Please send shopping bags to my room
Please send some laundry bags to the room
Please send some plastic bags to my room
Please send some shopping bags to the room
Please send sticky notes to the room
Please send wine glasses to the room
Please share more details about the sauna
Please show me hours for the hotel sauna during the holiday season
Please show me the prices for a bridal party package at the BOUTIQUE SPA
Please stock my room with some more local snacks and beverages
Please switch off the in-room dining screen
Please tell me the cost of using the women's sauna
Please turn on all the free-standing lamps around the room
Please, dear God, make my pilots good, he prayed.
Plenty of people did their best writing in prison
Plunking themselves down on the front bench, they turned to smirk at those around them.
Plus they'll remember you going after his daughter at school
Plus, cows will probably have died out by then
Plus, the coverage of solitary confinement in the United States.
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun.
Poirot rose. 'I apologize. There must be some mistake.'
Poirot shrugged his shoulders. 'What else could it be?'
Poirot wrote down the address, and left the room.
Police Chief Scott Cunningham is retiring in June.
Police also found two lighters on Thomas, the affidavit said.
Police arrested six Protestants on suspicion of rioting.
Police at the scene gave few details about the case.
Police detained Turner, Underwood, and another man for several hours.
Police expect to charge him for manslaughter and related charges.
Police found some that fitted and the laser turned on.
Police say he fled from a traffic stop March 29th.
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either.
Presenting the showstoppers who gave us serious fashion inspiration!
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice.
President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance.
Pretty girls among them, with blonde hair and pert faces.
Previous presentations have been on French, Spanish, Russian, Italian, German and Japanese.
Previously the Iraqis have resisted attempts to inspect such quarters.
Previously, the company advertised at the $2 million level.
Privately, the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of passage.
Probably a mixture of gases, no doubt stolen from the store
Probably as close to the Getty as I'll ever come
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts.
Probably the last of the original Island Indians.
Probably the most important one was: what is a business?
Problem was, she was dating this really rich guy named Derek
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British.
Property Search Results ForBishop Auckland Rentals 64results found.
Provide information about the gym
Provide information about the sauna
Provide information about the swimming pool
Provide me hours for the hotel swimming pool
Provide me with a laundry price list
Provide me with a laundry slip form
Provide me with a small paper to write down a phone number
Provide me with details on room darkening curtains
Provide me with dining information of the hotel
Provide me with information about the hotel gym
Provide me with more sanitary bags
Provide me with more toilet paper
Provide me with new bath mats
Provide me with sauna information
Provide me with swimming pool information
Provide me with the operating hours of the hotel's sauna
Provide sauna information
Provide swimming pool information
Provide us with 33 kid sized pairs of slippers
Provide us with 33 kid sized pairs of slippers  
Public bickering about leadership positions hasn't helped, either.
Purge these wicked thoughts of yours on paper
Pushy parents can make you more than a bit crazy
Put emergency services on the line
Put emergency services on the phone
Put him to death, and history might even regard you as a killer
Put in a request for a bar of soap
Put in a request for a comb
Put in a request for a disposable cup
Put in a request for a foam pillow
Put in a request for a hair brush
Put in a request for a highball glass
Put in a request for a humidifier
Put in a request for a luggage chair
Put in a request for a luggage rack
Put in a request for a mug
Put in a request for a paper cup
Put in a request for a pen
Put in a request for a sanitary bag
Put in a request for a scale
Put in a request for a scale to be sent to my room
Put in a request for a wine glass
Put in a request for another mug
Put in a request for bath mats
Put in a request for bedding
Put in a request for blank sheets of A4 paper
Put in a request for body lotion
Put in a request for body scrub
Put in a request for body wash
Put in a request for carton boxes
Put in a request for change in blankets
Put in a request for change in sheets
Put in a request for clean sheets
Put in a request for dry towels
Put in a request for humidifier
Put in a request for ice in a Ziploc bag
Put in a request for laundry bags
Put in a request for linen
Put in a request for matt coated paper
Put in a request for more Q-tips
Put in a request for more body lotion, please
Put in a request for more cotton swabs
Put in a request for more hand towels
Put in a request for more hangers
Put in a request for more ice
Put in a request for more shampoo, please
Put in a request for more shower mats
Put in a request for more toilet paper
Put in a request for more water
Put in a request for new blankets
Put in a request for pant hangers
Put in a request for printing paper
Put in a request for scissors
Put in a request for shampoo
Put in a request for slippers
Put in a request for slippers with smaller size
Put in a request for slippers, now
Put in a request for some C6 envelopes
Put in a request for some cardboard boxes
Put in a request for some carton boxes
Put in a request for some envelopes
Put in a request for some extra pant hangers
Put in a request for some femenine hygiene products
Put in a request for some fresh robes
Put in a request for some hangers
Put in a request for some international newspapers
Put in a request for some nail clippers
Put in a request for some nail polish remover
Put in a request for some pencils
Put in a request for some sanitary pads
Put in a request for some shopping bags
Put in a request for some sticky notes
Put in a request for water bottles
Put in a request for writing paper
Put in a request to change the bedding
Put in a request to change the linen
Put in a request to fix the coffee machine
Put in a request to fix the hair dryer
Put in a request to have hangers for trousers
Put in a request to have some lined paper sent to the room
Put in a request to use a scale
Put in request for fresh linens
Put me through to emergency services
Put your skates and your pads on, boys
Quebec's deficit is the next largest at $3.3 billion.
Question is, is the hand holding that match gonna be black or white
Quit dining information screen
Quit in-room dining screen
Quit room dining scree
Quit room dining screen
Quit sauna information screen
Quit screen on hotel gym
Quit screen on hotel sauna
Quit screen on hotel swimming pool
Quit swimming pool information screen
Quit the gym information screen
Quit the screen on room dining
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone.
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food.
Railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the New York Central.
Raleigh Police Detective Paul Hale was killed in the incident.
Raoul, what in God's name do we do if she has a gun?
Rats had been fed bath and shower products.
Readers may take issue with some of this.
Really, he'll be home soon, would you like a cup of coffee?
Recommend me something I can do to relax and replenish my body
Red is for firefighters and purple is for pancreatic cancer.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes.
Refill my body lotion
Refill my shampoo
Refill my soap
Reflecting upon our past is a funny thing.
Regulation of the domestic rice market will end tomorrow.
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence.
Religious people around the world were very angry with Madonna.
Remember when I said I'd find you a girlfriend?
Remove from oven and immediately brush with hot Danish glaze.
Replace current sheets
Replace my wet towels
Replace the dirty towels in the bathroom
Replace the old bath towels and send me new ones please
Replace the old shower mats in the bathroom
Report author Mark Barber says it depends on the farmer.
Request 2 extra tissue boxes from house keeping
Request a bar of soap
Request a change in foam pillows
Request a change in towels
Request a disposable cup
Request a disposable cup and a lid
Request a few packing boxes
Request a humidifier to alleviate the dry conditions
Request a laundry price list
Request a lid from housekeeping
Request a list for laundry service costs
Request a luggage rack
Request a new feather pillow
Request a new set of tooth brush and toothpaste
Request a new toothbrush
Request a pair of slippers
Request a paper cup with a lid
Request a price estimate for doing laundry
Request a roll of paper towels
Request a roll of toilet paper
Request a scale for my room
Request a scale to be sent to the room
Request a shopping bag
Request a vanity kit
Request additional hangers for my clothes
Request additional pair of slippers
Request an additional luggage rack
Request an emergency call
Request bath towels
Request bedding
Request big towels
Request blank sheets of A4 paper
Request blank sheets of printing paper
Request body lotion
Request body moisturizer
Request body moisturizers
Request body scrub
Request body wash
Request box tape
Request cardboard boxes to be sent to the room
Request carton box
Request check out without extra payment
Request clean sheets
Request coffee cups to be sent to my room
Request cotton pads
Request drinking water
Request essential amenities: new vanity kit
Request extra hampers for clothes
Request extra hangers for clothes
Request extra laundry bags for clothes
Request extra pair of slippers to be sent to the room
Request for a ballpoint pen
Request for a coat rack
Request for a highball glass
Request for a humidifier
Request for a humidifier to be sent to my room
Request for a pair of slippers
Request for another coffee cup
Request for another set of tooth brushes for the bathroom
Request for change in bedding
Request for change in linen
Request for clean towels from housekeeping
Request for foam pillow
Request for hypoallergenic blankets for my allergies
Request for laundry services
Request for more Q-tips
Request for more cotton buds
Request for more cotton swabs
Request for more facial tissue paper
Request for reusable cups for me to take
Request for sanitary bags
Request for some box tape
Request for some masking tape, immediately
Request for some tape
Request for tape and scissors
Request fresh sheets
Request front desk for more water
Request front desk for some slippers for kids
Request front desk to fix problems with the safety box
Request front desk to send over some graph paper
Request front desk to send over some lined paper
Request hampers
Request hangers
Request hangers for dress pants
Request hangers for trousers
Request housekeeping for a clean set of blankets for the bed
Request housekeeping for a shaving kit
Request housekeeping for a travel cup
Request housekeeping for a wine glass
Request housekeeping for a wine glass and shot glass
Request housekeeping for bath amenities
Request housekeeping for body moisturizer
Request housekeeping for fresh linens
Request housekeeping for kid's slippers
Request housekeeping for shower caps, please
Request housekeeping for shower gel, please
Request housekeeping for soap
Request housekeeping to change my sheets
Request housekeeping to send me a scale
Request housekeeping to send me more water bottles
Request hypoallergenic blankets
Request ice
Request ice, now
Request international newspapers
Request laundry bags to be sent to the room
Request laundry bags, immediately
Request lined paper
Request linen
Request more bath mats
Request more big towels
Request more body wash
Request more hangers for the clothes
Request more shampoo
Request more soap
Request more toilet paper
Request more water for my room
Request mouthwash
Request new towels
Request now for a humidifier for the room
Request now for more ice
Request packing boxes
Request packing boxes sent to the room
Request pant hangers
Request pencils, now
Request room amenities: scissors
Request sanitary bags to place all my sanitary products in
Request scissors and box tape
Request sewing kit
Request shampoo
Request shampoo to be sent to the room
Request shower caps
Request shower gel
Request shower gel immediately
Request slippers
Request slippers for children
Request slippers for kids
Request slippers for young children
Request slippers suitable for younger children
Request slippers with a smaller size
Request some envelopes
Request some tape for boxes
Request sticky notes
Request the front desk for shopping bags
Request the front desk for some slippers
Request the standard size of typing paper sent to my room
Request to fix the coffee machine
Request to fix the hair dryer
Request to have another mug sent to the room
Request to have extra shower caps for the bathroom
Request to have extra shower gel for the bathroom
Request to have more water for the room, please
Request water
Request wine glasses
Request writing paper
Requesting A4 paper
Requesting a lint brush
Requesting a lint brush 
Requesting a new set of big towels
Requesting dry towels
Requesting femenine hygiene products
Requesting for more water
Requesting for twelve more shaving kits
Requesting for two more shaving kits
Requesting fresh robes
Requesting luggage chair
Requesting more body wash
Requesting more shampoo
Requesting mouthwash
Requesting nail polish remover
Requesting sanitary pads
Requesting toilet paper rolls
Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria.
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers.
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful.
Rev would never have tried to give her poison!
Rev. Lee Wayne Fowler will be officiating the service.
Revenue gained 13% to $77.3 million from $68.5 million.
Revenue rose 15% to $534.3 million from $464.7 million.
Revenue rose 21% to $243.4 million from $201.2 million.
Revenue rose 27% to $715.1 million from $563.8 million.
Revenue rose 33% to $378.1 million from $283.8 million.
Revenue rose to $200 million, from $170 million.
Revenue soared to $101.7 million from $39.5 million.
Revenue was $29.6 million, up from $25 million in 1988.
Revolts in countryside continue and Afghan army faces collapse.
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind.
Rich economies made their money from factories and physical strength.
Rifle leveled on the man, he made a rush.
Right about now the does are holing up in the brush piles
Right now I've gotten two of my subjects to use napkins
Right, but I'm the bride, so I win
Risk taking is natural in a new industry.
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
Rivers are very important sources of our water supply.
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests.
Room 502 needs more snacks, drinks, and some napkins please
Room feels too dry, request for a dehumidifier to be sent to the room
Room heating needs to be brought down by two degrees
Room heating needs to be brought up by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be brought down by two degrees
Room temperature needs to be brought up by two degrees
Rowe has spent his entire career in financial services.
Run the machine continuously until completion of the test.
Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch.
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups.
Safety box isn't working properly
Said they'd have a patrol car here fast.
Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management.
Sales increased 36% to $683 million from $502 million.
Sales rose 14% to $715 million from $625.4 million.
Sales rose 2.9% to $329.2 million from $320 million.
Sales rose 8% to $368.5 million from $340.7 million.
Sales rose to $3 million from $2.9 million.
Sales rose to $52.4 million from $50.1 million.
Sales rose to $9.8 million from $8.9 million.
Sales were $348 million compared with $307 a year earlier.
Sam Rayburn was a good man, a good American, and, third, a good Democrat.
Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge.
Say, am I a lucky guy to be near Anne?
Say, for instance, your house is on fire.
Say, wasn't I a lucky guy to fall into a girl like that, huh?
Science is but a gift of reason from God.
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon.
Scientists are meeting in Sydney today to tackle climate change.
Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm.
Screw these pancakes, I should cover you in syrup and gobble you up
Search Korean food videos on YouTube
Search Seoul restaurant on YouTube
Search YouTube videos for activities in Seoul
Search make up tutorials on Youtube
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration.
Second, it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous.
Secondly, we should increase exchanges between local governments and society.
Secretary of State Seward was a sick man.
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 to 30 minutes.
See information about the gym
See information about the swimming pool
See story and more pictures on pages 19 and 21.
See swimming pool information
See, he's already snapping it up, the dumb jerk.
See, the one in the middle just got dumped by her boyfriend
See, they put shaving cream all over that mailbox there
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem.
Selena Masters, Joe realized, was her own woman.
Self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress.
Send 3 pairs of kid sized slippers
Send an extra alarm clock to the room
Send an extra luggage chair to the room
Send extra laundry bags to the room
Send half your men to the bridge, the rest with these two
Send ice to my room, now
Send matt coated paper to my room immediately
Send me 4 ball point pens
Send me a new set of tooth brush and toothpaste
Send me a pair of slippers to the room
Send me more sanitary bags
Send me more toilet paper
Send me more water
Send me slippers, now
Send me some ice
Send me some ice to my room
Send me some lined paper
Send me some nail clippers
Send me someone to check out the coffee maker
Send more facial tissue paper
Send more sanitary bags
Send more tepid water to my room, please
Send more water bottles to the room
Send more water to my room, please
Send nail clippers to my room, please
Send over a new tooth brush to the room
Send over big towels
Send over hair brush
Send over new face towels
Send scale to my room
Send some extra laundry bags to the room, immediately
Send someone to fix the safety box in my room
Send water to my room, immediately
Sending the storm back out into the Atlantic
Sense of smell returns and food tastes better.
Set attainable goals and work towards their achievement.
Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more.
Several Israelis have been injured in those attacks.
Several economic reports are scheduled for publication later this week.
Several guitars are also played during the church services.
Severely ill students were immediately transported to the hospital.
Sexual harassment is a broad subject that covers many areas.
She added that she is a correct, honest woman.
She admits to being there the night of his death
She also likes to have guests in her home.
She and her attorney made no statement after the hearing.
She and her husband, Keith, chose New York City.
She became one of the most popular girls in school.
She belongs in that fancy atmosphere of expensive restaurants
She bought part of a company that manufactured shirts.
She cackled with mirth, showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth.
She can accommodate eight guests in four staterooms.
She can't be here because of a soap opera
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable.
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude.
She doesn't know about us getting married yet
She enjoyed hunting, camping, fishing and anything being outdoors.
She grew up in Belgrade where she attended school.
She had been the acting director since Nixon took office.
She had left the party early, pleading a headache.
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed.
She had to return to the fashion business.
She has success in the fashion business, too.
She has to have at least one car herself.
She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns
She is a really cool girl when you get to know her
She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image
She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole
She loves music, fashion, playing with dolls and snack time.
She must have put his clothes in the closet.
She received facial injuries and required hospital treatment.
She retired from Memorial Hospital as housekeeping supervisor.
She runs her fingers through his moist hair.
She sat down and waited for police to arrive.
She says the worst hand habit is picking at cuticles.
She served one four-year term on the national committee.
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air.
She thinks you should get married and have children of your own
She took his rucksack, and led him to the camp.
She turns and walks away toward the church, slowly, her head bowed
She wanted her ashes to be thrown over Roseman Bridge
She wanted me to drive her home so I drove her home
She wanted the police to notice him, suspect him.
She wants to know, sir, do you like your hair
She wants two kids, a boy and a girl
She was a clever girl, a most efficient secretary.
She was a member of Faith Valley Holiness Church.
She was a nymphomaniac, of course, the poor girl.
She was also stone deaf in her right ear.
She was married to him for better or for worse.
She was not a girl, he could see.
She was preceded in death by seven brothers.
She was standing with her back to the glass door.
She was the kindest, sweetest girl you'd ever want to meet
She went to California, to Los Angeles. she wanted to start over
She will emphasize choice and care of plant material.
She'd also remember if the groom died later.
She'll call the cops, they'll be here before I get unpacked
She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality
She's got some model agency guy coming to dinner tomorrow night
She's sacrificed so much to be in this relationship with me
She's telling the truth or at least she thinks she is
Sheer curtains need to be opened
Shot down on his own porch there in Dallas
Should I tell him the truth about Alice?
Should we forget about dinner and go with them instead?
Should we not attack pollution first then carbon emissions?
Shouldering the load he peered from the door.
Show YouTube clips about activities in Korea
Show YouTube videos related to Korean culture
Show dining options for hotel
Show hotel dining information
Show in-room dining options
Show information about gym
Show information about sauna
Show information about swimming pool
Show me YouTube videos on Korean culture activities
Show me a list of the hotel's spa packages, their duration, and the prices
Show me dining information of the hotel
Show me emergency telephone numbers around the world
Show me gym hours
Show me hours for the hotel gym
Show me hours for the hotel sauna
Show me hours for the hotel swimming pool
Show me in-room dining options
Show me information about gym
Show me information about sauna
Show me information about swimming pool
Show me more about hotel's dining information
Show me more information about the hotel gym
Show me more information about the hotel sauna
Show me more information about the hotel swimming pool
Show me options for room dining
Show me sauna hours
Show me sauna information
Show me some of the new equipments found at the gym
Show me status of the curtains
Show me swimming pool hours
Show me swimming pool information
Show me the different temperatures of the sauna
Show me the laundry price list
Show me the status of the sheer curtains
Show me what options are available for in-room dining
Show me what options are available for room dining
Show now, dining information of the hotel
Show options for room dining
Show sauna information
Show swimming pool information
Show that there's some common ground between Black and White
Show what options are available for in-room dining
Show what options are available for room dining
Shut off the sheer curtains in the room
Shut the curtains in the room
Sighing, Leona dropped the paper and stood up.
Silicon Valley is the home of the world's computer industry.
Similarly, a neighbor began keeping bee colonies on the farm.
Simmer about 10 minutes, and keep warm for serving.
Since it's such a nice day, can we open the curtains?
Sir, I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately
Six hours ago this guy was walking his dog or buying a quart of milk
Six rooms and two baths and a blue room
Sixteen wine glasses to room 25
Smaller, quicker competitors would put Microsoft out of business.
So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen
So Odell went on alone, up to Camp 6.
So Tropical Storm Willie is gonna be with us at least until Monday
So did they reach the summit, before they died?
So far, the covers have never been off the boxes.
So he'll learn to fear punishment
So how can we deal with these changes?
So it's a good opportunity to go to that issue.
So my ways of sneaking and leaking are zero.
So now four porters were alone at Camp 4.
So she abruptly changed the venue for her sex party.
So the clothes business was the obvious choice for her.
So the message is, I should treat every woman like a whore?
So the only way you're allowed to hook up with her is if you marry her
So the results are subject to considerable confusion.
So the tap water to me tastes like home.
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey.
So the way you see it, two crack heads burned themselves up?
So we should get some credit for this.
So you are deeply rooted in the Eagle Rock Community.
So you do have an agreement with the United States Government, Mr. Jung, correct?
So you see, we have totally different ideas of what's stupid and what's not
So, before they left, they decided to bury his body.
So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing
So, in reality, you and I are in the same business!
So, is this how we're deciding who gets the apartment?
So, it's over between me and works with Carlos Girl
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving
So, we just went about our business and stopped asking.
So, you are going to build a doll house with no windows and no doors?
Socialism, I grant, has a definite place in our society.
Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets, leaving the world and it's problems behind
Soft power, however, hasn't deterred North Korean missile tests.
Soil health is the capacity of a soil to function.
Solar supporters call rate hikes a blow to the industry.
Some are used in paints along with drying oils.
Some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl
Some experts say markets aren't as volatile as widely assumed.
Some good fan support will help get us through.
Some guy is expecting to marry this woman on Saturday
Some of the rest of the party are more hopeful
Some of us citizens are with you all the way, Officer
Some people call this a hunch, or an intuition.
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational.
Some preferred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York.
Some special health requirements might have to be met.
Some stupid kid got panicky, takes the safety off and it's over
Somebody's out there spending 900 million dollars a year on phone sex
Somehow I don't think he stabbed himself in the chest, then buried himself too
Somehow Winston didn't think she'd take to window boxes.
Someone needs to be transported to the hospital
Something is aggravating my allergies so can you please air my sheets?
Something is wrong with the coffee machine
Sometimes I go to the Lincoln Room at the White House and just pray
Sometimes I think I act so weird because I'm crazy from frustration
Sometimes people who live in the woods don't want to be seen
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship.
Sometimes the climbers heard ice moving far below them.
Sometimes, though, they did not seem quite human.
Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine
Sorry but hair style or not, window will be open.
Sorry don't have a receipt to prove it.
Sorry, I actually do not need my car at this time
Sounds impossible -- unless you have a time machine.
Sounds like a healthy way to deal with your problems
Sounds like a pretty dangerous woman to me!
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed.
Sport promotes health, provides social contacts and contributes to self-development.
Spread the batter onto the paper in the pan.
Spring is the most exalted season for Chinese tea.
Stacked heels are also popular on dressy or tailored shoes.
Start on the knees in a large circle.
Start the wash wheel and note the time.
Started my first cycle of treatment July 2nd.
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California, Arizona and Nevada.
Stay in close and we'll go up the valley.
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
Stick 4 or 5 cloves in each frank, ham fashion.
Still, Sam, of course, got muddy and cold.
Still, he granted her the highest compliment he accorded any woman
Stir cornstarch, boiling water, sugar and salt until it thickens.
Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value.
Stock designs are excellent for use with scopes.
Stop everything right now, go out and get this book.
Stop looking at options for food now
Stop trying to be funny, and get ready, will you?
Storefront had previously raised $1.6 million in seed funding.
Storing valuables at the gym is a pressing problem.
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months.
Strangely enough, this always brought the house down.
Strength began to zip up and down his chest.
Strip 'em, expose the ends, try blue first, blue is phones!
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours.
Such criticism can potentially harm the industry, he said.
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer, corporations cannot.
Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management.
Such was not the case in Rhode Island.
Suddenly there she was without any clothes on
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly.
Supermarkets are usually open from 5AM to midnight
Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that?
Sure, I'll give you a shot at it, but Ganz is mine
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace.
Survivors include his sister, Mrs. Emma B. Odom of Atlanta.
Switch off in-room dining screen
Switch off room dining screen
Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman.
Systems that process computer deals uncover fraud or unusual use.
Tajikistan is now a full-fledged member of international community.
Take the others to the water tower for the night
Take, for example, the reformers among New York City's Democrats.
Talking about coffee and cream, you better buy some milk also
Tanzanian Royalty is a gold company focused on Tanzania.
Taylor had to leave and find a future somewhere else.
Taylor saw only one solution; they had to leave.
Ted, she is going on that camping trip
Tell Sam not to worry about the car.
Tell her you're fine and that she can join you in this car
Tell me about room darkening curtains
Tell me about sheer curtains
Tell me about the dry and wet sauna rooms
Tell me all of the hotel spa's packages exclusively for couples
Tell me dining information of the hotel
Tell me gym hours
Tell me gym information
Tell me hotel dining information
Tell me information about gym
Tell me information about sauna
Tell me information about the gym on the screen
Tell me more about hotel's dining information
Tell me more about the hotel gym
Tell me more about the hotel sauna
Tell me more about the hotel swimming pool
Tell me sauna hours
Tell me sauna information
Tell me sauna information on screen
Tell me someplace you've been, someplace on the other side of the world
Tell me swimming pool hours
Tell me swimming pool information
Tell me swimming pool information on screen
Tell me the operating hours of the hotel gym
Tell me the status of the sheer curtains
Tell me what options are available for in-room dining
Tell me what options are available for room dining
Tell me which brand of yoga mats FITNESS uses so that I can buy one
Tell me, what's going to happen when we get to Venice?
Tell the front desk I want ninety wine glasses
Tell the front desk I want three wine glasses
Tell the front desk that I need new linens
Tell the truth, I was going to take a much needed leak
Tell them the truth or something before they come here.
Temperature of room needs to be brought up by one degree
Temperature of the heating needs to be brought up by one degree
Ten thousand meters above the United States of America, 1998
Ten thousand more were employed in businesses connected to Benetton.
Ten years you carried that pistol, and you end up wasting your shot
Tenements, stores, saloons, some gambling, I hope not too much.
Terra Toys in North Austin was another business that participated.
Test results and bills reach you in simple, understandable language.
Thailand is not a party to this agreement.
Thank you for the information regarding the hotel gym. 
Thank you so much for the delicious cookies
Thanks for sharing details regarding the sauna hours. I don't need the information anymore
Thanks for sharing hotel dining information but I don't need it anymore
Thanks to them, we went the extra mile in performance.
Thanksgiving doesn't sound so appealing anymore, she said.
Thanksgiving in New York is a wonderful time
That Foley looks like he's been through a war or two
That alligator bag his wife had on is very expensive
That cold, empty sky was full of fire and light.
That definitely fueled the fire for his senior year.
That girl last night, what was her name?
That girl you used to go out with, Penelope
That he be cremated and his ashes thrown on Roseman Bridge
That is 26 inches on the imperial scale.
That is kind of a bad situation then
That is my take on Tuesday's House meeting.
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century.
That just can't be good for business, whatever your politics.
That just means were gonna have to party that much harder
That man's still sitting around his apartment
That same look you gave me when I turned the gun on you
That site is guarded by law enforcement officers.
The American dream was compounded of many strains.
The American is very lucky if he has three.
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office.
The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19.
The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education.
The Benetton network in the Gulf had almost 200 stores.
The Big River Creek fire was discovered Sunday.
The Board reviewed a proposed plan from Sparrow Hawk.
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines.
The British, not the Nigerians, removed this contagious plague.
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade.
The CW is leaning hard into the soap genre.
The Christmas Cheer Fund is but one powerful example.
The Church expects certain things of those who become members.
The Cole inquiry has cost almost $10 million so far.
The Crown seeking a nine-year sentence for him.
The Crown was expected to wrap its case last night.
The District is considering a new parcel tax for November.
The Doctor is a respected man
The Eagles faced two opponents and split the results.
The FBI doesn't have a monopoly on agents infiltrating enemy organizations, my friend
The Fed also appears reluctant to ease credit conditions further.
The First World War completely changed European society.
The French economy was in a very bad state.
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization.
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first.
The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit.
The Grill Room at Windsor Court New Orleans.
The Grizzlies seemed to be clicking all across the board.
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History.
The Internet is connecting PCs around the world.
The Italian said he was delighted with the performance.
The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain.
The Keewatin Health Board will get a new chair.
The Kleenex box on top of my vanity is nearly empty
The May meeting will be our spring activity.
The Most Inspirational Player award went to Travis St. Denis.
The National Association of Broadcasters code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials.
The Obama administration took too long to act, he said.
The Prescott Valley Youth Chorale also will perform.
The President's personality would have opened that office to him.
The Professor brought some strange topics to the class
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act.
The Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions.
The Senegalese President is accompanying 34 member delegation.
The Social Welfare and Development Department has a new secretary.
The South lost the Civil War, but they still seem to get all the glory
The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago
The Toronto school offered alternatives to the family.
The Turtle Creek corridor predates Uptown as an office market.
The U.S. Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys.
The United States tax returns are due April 1962.
The Vikings/Packers game will be played on Christmas Eve.
The Warriors had an excellent season, but lost 47-35.
The Yukon would be affected if Canada adopted ranked ballots.
The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago.
The advice of medical professionals made a difference for 34%.
The air condition is irritating my skin, I need a humidifier in the room
The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack.
The ancient Egyptians ensured that they scared future generations too.
The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him.
The answer was, everybody big with a dumb kid.
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation.
The appeal board, however, unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation.
The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing.
The bean bag is actually filled with feed corn.
The bedding needs to be changed
The bids came in $1.5 million less than expected.
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks.
The black truffle industry is enjoying its best ever season.
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone.
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
The board is probably not finished with making administrative hires.
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead.
The body was heavier than he had anticipated.
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics.
The bottom line is that we've got a lovely economy.
The boy scowled at him, and the girl looked shocked.
The boys performed a birthday song for their grandfather.
The bride was given in marriage by her father.
The bright spot though is the buoyant dairy industry.
The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches.
The car drew up alongside him and stopped.
The car was designed by Lawn Avenue School's fifth-grade class.
The carpet is dirty, can I request for slippers?
The ceremony will take place at the Truman Presidential Library.
The chaplain married them, on the next day.
The city also accepted the only snow bid it received.
The clothes themselves were taken out of the advertisements.
The coffee machine has a problem
The coffee machine in my room doesn't seem to be working properly
The coffee machine in this room is broken
The coffee machine is broken
The coffee machine isn't working
The coffee machine seems to have a problem
The coffee tastes off, is the coffee maker broken?
The cold, mysterious presence of God was all around him.
The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy.
The commotion had brought her into the wings.
The companionship business is the growth industry of the 21st century
The company had a tax credit of $1.4 million.
The company had previously used a third party for staging.
The company has about 31 million ordinary shares outstanding.
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding.
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position.
The company spent $4 million on improvements to the building.
The company's Ian MacAulay is blaming softer international demand.
The comparable year-earlier number was $56 million, a spokesman said.
The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden.
The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening.
The conversion price for the debentures is $41.75 a share.
The cop in the trunk, he could still be alive
The cops could pull up a record of all our calls and, find you
The corporation has a limited, specific place in our society.
The cost will be $25 including lunch and materials.
The crew's clothes, sodden with diesel, took fire.
The curtains in my room are very dusty so can you do something about it?
The dangerous effects of pepper spray are well-documented.
The date was unaffected by the last-ditch Soviet peace initiative.
The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water.
The deacon of the church, Carlson, was its janitor.
The deadliness of the Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me.
The death of a man is unique, and yet it is universal.
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this.
The death penalty has had an interesting week.
The desk lamp needs to be turned off, immediately
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments.
The disease was first found in WA's north-west in 1998.
The doctor and the constable left the room together.
The doctor says I've gotten the flu, or some other wretched ailment
The drought is also affecting young peoples choices at school.
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton.
The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Board.
The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations.
The employees and crew are just so great there.
The entertainment industry is where we need to be contributing.
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition.
The equipment won't take up valuable space either.
The excellent doctor discovered that I needed steel plates inserted.
The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis.
The extra effort will not be in vain.
The facility likewise offers laundry, transportation, and cancer support services.
The family had agreed that Benetton could use the image.
The farm went out of business last summer.
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him.
The fee may be waived for qualified non-profit organizations.
The figure on the earth halted, seemingly bewildered.
The figures range as high as 15 million families.
The film has passed the critical non-vacation evaluation fairly readily.
The final stage is the December selection camp.
The finale will be filled with music, food and drinks!
The fire has burnt 13,000 hectares - mainly pine plantations.
The fire in the sitting room was lighted.
The fireworks show each year is pretty darn spectacular.
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
The first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself.
The first three years, we were relying on the starters.
The first-term foreign policy's assumptions went something like this.
The food bank also is expanding its community partners.
The freight car was cold, early in the morning.
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15%.
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters.
The funny thing was, at that very moment, the universe was working on something
The gallant half-city is dying on its feet.
The game opened a busy week for Washington.
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
The glass is out of it, but that won't matter.
The glasses and cups in my room don't look to be cleaned well
The goddamned missile crisis united the whole country behind Kennedy
The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment
The good news is we haven't got to your car yet
The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle.
The guests are starting to ask questions and I'm running out of excuses
The gun would fire or not, just as chance willed.
The hair dryer has a problem
The hair dryer isn't working
The hair dryer seems to have a problem
The hands-on air flight museum is also great fun.
The hardest thing is overcoming the two party cultural barrier.
The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it.
The historic "Jefferson Highway" runs from Winnipeg to New Orleans.
The home improvement industry receives a lot of consumer complaints.
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired.
The hospital must file a petition and request another hearing.
The host is the flowing life of the human race.
The hotel's body wash is a little harsh so do you have a different brand?
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
The humor of the situation can be imagined.
The ice was covered with new snow after the storm.
The idea seems to be a meeting for meeting's sake.
The ideas of Ford and Taylor were very similar.
The image was as simple as it was new.
The index crime report was presented by Senior Officer.
The industry has been its own watch dog.
The industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
The industry is refusing to comment on the changes.
The initiative was quickly adopted by Canada's business community.
The key, yeah, the key's in my pants in the bathroom
The kidnappers reportedly shot at pursuing police but missed.
The kids at school say she humped Mr. Marsh to death
The kind of guy that runs home to his momma or some girlfriend
The kits include bed covers, kitchen utensils and hygiene materials.
The last time I saw your father we were in the library
The last time you do this, you left me a pistol, with one shot
The last two were a red and a black chow.
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory.
The laundry bags are filled
The laundry bags in the room are all full
The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions.
The letter, scraped on stone, had been a message home.
The light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness Corning 1840 filter.
The light-filled upstairs dining room is available for private events.
The linen needs to be changed
The little O'Brien girl, of course, the one you suggested in the story
The local school officials do not prohibit this event.
The local strategy has yet to become a national one.
The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand.
The machine in use was a Sequoia AVC Advantage.
The machine isn't making the coffee
The man finally stops and lets the girl out.
The man leaned his frail body against Watson's shoulder.
The manufacturer and the dealers had to become partners.
The market also includes children's rides and raffles.
The market today for detergent builders is quite diverse.
The market will remain open on Fridays through early October.
The measure passed with nearly three-quarters approval from city voters.
The meat industry is seasonal to start with, he said.
The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage
The men had served more than two decades in prison.
The men of this tribe wear simple clothes without designs.
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen.
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
The mission of the church is to save souls.
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
The most common weapon active shooters use is a pistol.
The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs.
The motive behind Martinez's murder remains a mystery.
The move was approved at a special shareholders' meeting yesterday.
The museum is open from 10am-6pm on all days.
The name on the reservation doesn't match my credit card, can I still check-in?
The new Benetton team was performing well this season.
The new information system was built round the financial consultants.
The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James
The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical.
The next Colors magazine was also being prepared.
The next time the police saw her she was dead.
The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette.
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity.
The officer, surprised, said he would have to see.
The old basement will be part of the new building.
The one thing you don't want is air in the conversation
The one thing you don't want is to attract the police
The only party committed to this is the Conservatives.
The only way I could get her out was to call the police
The other route is to be treated with drugs.
The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life.
The parents were just leaving the apartment at that time
The particular recipe is a matter of individual taste.
The patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade.
The people at Pepsi-Cola were very worried about the situation.
The picture was banned by the city authorities.
The plan was not without objections from community members, however.
The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix.
The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse.
The police and the FBI people asked, but there wasn't anything happened like that, never
The police are gonna need your full name and address
The poor boy who marries a rich girl, now there's a swell theme
The pop music industry became more international than ever before.
The post might have a lot of fun with it
The predicted interaction effect should, if potent, extend its influence over all academic achievement.
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems.
The president proposes this increase, which must be approved Congress.
The press is driving us crazy over this P2P thing
The prices of gold and silver were also affected. 
The problem with Europe right now is the European Union.
The program also includes E-Projects, Industry visits and workshops.
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself.
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real.
The project was contracted to Chinese company, ZTE.
The prostitutes have departed, but the ban is still enforced.
The purpose of business was to serve society.
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion.
The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion.
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now.
The region's lost income could total $65 million.
The rest is used for human food and industrial products.
The rest of the deficit is also easily understood.
The rest of the family was crazy as Rusty Parr
The rest of the money is here in the car
The restaurant has a door big enough for that, too.
The restaurant has a surprisingly good Thanksgiving buffet
The restaurant is small, but it serves its purpose.
The result has been neglect, fumbling efforts, or superficial treatment.
The results are too varied to allow generalization.
The results of the competition are as follows.
The results were good, but which treatment helped is still not known.
The results were in line with analysts' expectations.
The results will be available in two weeks
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform.
The river is great, but it just divides it.
The rocks sloped steeply like the roof on a church.
The roof of the command post began to buckle.
The room feels too dry, request for a humidifier
The room is too dry, please request for a humidifier
The room's coffee machine is not working
The room's safety box isn't working, please fix it
The safety box in my room keeps opening even without the code
The safety box is not working
The school has been open for three years.
The school is located at 9-1 Mile Road, Woodward Heights.
The second level, senior engineer, rates slightly below first-level supervision.
The sentence : 360 days' confinement in the county jail.
The service is not compatible with other roaming services.
The sewage flow into the treatment plant was metered and continuously recorded on 24-hr.
The ship was delayed in Port Adelaide by 12 days.
The shipment arrived at the Port of Newcastle this week.
The show features music from the North Carolina Symphony.
The shower gel in the bathroom is running low
The sinking of the Royal Charter changed all that.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford
The situation was similar in the rest of the Midwest.
The sky was blue, the sun was shining.
The slippers are dirty
The slippers in the hotel are dirty
The slippers that come with the room are a little too small for me
The soldier's voice was muffled again, stricken with chagrin.
The sooner he is put out of our misery, the sooner will they be safe
The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum.
The sounds of an animal in rage and despair.
The specifics are in the report, and information about the woman
The speed at which the business was growing was amazing.
The speed of change in the business world increased greatly.
The speedometer of her car showed she had driven 94 miles that day
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers.
The stock began trading this summer at $14 apiece.
The stock now shows the Market Capitalization of 26.85 Billion.
The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over
The strength of the History is also its weakness.
The stress was a little too much for him.
The success of Jennifer the singer doesn't stop.
The success of PCs as educational tools requires teacher involvement.
The sun is so pleasant, I want to draw the curtains
The sun is too bright right now. Use the sheer curtains to block the sun
The sunlight is hurting my eyes, I want to pull the curtains back
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits.
The teaching workforce was 71 percent African-American before the storm.
The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end.
The tent was closed, the food was still there.
The thing all men most require: a marriage to a fine woman
The things a man will do for a woman.
The things that spell San Francisco to me are disappearing fast
The three men immediately formed a strong relationship.
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
The total cost of the five-year program was $200 million.
The track gave Gomez some clout in the dance world.
The truth is most people don't have table manners today
The truth, now, was it my hide, or the stamps?
The two-week period to collect EI has also been waived.
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers.
The universe is a safe and permanent home.
The valet has my car keys and I would like them back
The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized.
The value of the US dollar dropped like a stone.
The value of the products you can raise on it.
The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions.
The virtual catering menu includes both fresh-water fish and seafood.
The wages involved were larger and more regular.
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
The warped, broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes.
The water level was higher than their hubs.
The water was intended to be released as environmental flows.
The way I heard it, you stole one of them from a small village
The west is leaderless, according to this book.
The wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise.
The woman I got it from is never going to give it a second thought
The woman and child were rescued, Strain said.
The woman beckoned them inside. 'What name, Sir?'
The wool market has hit a two year high.
The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements.
The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music.
The work-oriented culture can also lead to friendly conversation.
The world awaits Mr. Khrushchev's choice of alternatives.
The wrinkled mouth laughed, revealing astonishingly strong, white, teeth.
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered.
The youngster of today will represent society of tomorrow.
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments.
Their deal was too sweet to begin with.
Then I cover the sowing with a board.
Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley
Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition.
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's.
Then he called the others on his radio.
Then he calls his friends on his radio.
Then one of the guests showed his merriment.
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind.
Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady.
Then we'll drive back to her apartment and I will plant myself there
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up.
Then, Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is unlimited.
Then, gently, he shoved her behind toward Laura.
There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare.
There are a few traits that make us human.
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class.
There are civilians, but they don't belong to terror groups.
There are items missing from my hotel room's safety box
There are many that believe in miracles from God.
There are no free parking spots anywhere around here
There are only two reasons to ever date a girl you've already dated
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups.
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place.
There are so many subway lines and the map confuses me
There are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique.
There aren't enough hangers in the hotel room
There is $76 million to encourage more oil exploration.
There is a great deal to be said about success.
There is a problem with the coffee machine
There is a problem with the coffee machine right now
There is a problem with the hair dryer
There is a problem with the safety box
There is a section for meat, a section for frozen food, and a section for vegetables
There is a strange smell coming from the towels in my room
There is always a market for this line of work.
There is an emergency, please call now
There is an excellent outlook for Australia's dairy industry.
There is even scientific evidence that boredom leads to creativity.
There is grave news from the Northern Territory about Christmas.
There is no longer a clear division between what is foreign and what is domestic
There is no one size fits all addiction treatment.
There is no room for error or waste.
There is not a cap on the guarantee.
There is nothing easy about running a cruise boat in winter
There is plenty of that business to be done.
There is something wrong with my coffee machine
There must be some kids you used to know from school
There needs to be more ice sent to my room
There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look.
There was a cream that I used at the BOUTIQUE SPA that I really like
There was a shining on her face and on her hair
There was a woman who wanted to talk to us
There was also a dog, a dingo dog.
There was no hint of a violent struggle now.
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont.
There was no valley like this on your map.
There was no word spoken, no apparent signal given.
There was order in the world and everything was organized.
There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them.
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist.
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder.
There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century.
There were now 600 stores across the United States.
There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse.
There were water shortages, power outages, no fuel.
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack.
There's a cab over there, I'll just run back to the apartment and change shoes
There's a fire, call for help
There's a girl that you have to meet
There's a group heading south, they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away
There's a guy in there who won't let me into the stupid VIP room
There's a lot of food to give out
There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis
There's a lot of waste going on here.
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive.
There's a whole city, a whole world, kinda beside, on top, just below this one
There's absolutely no way in this world to connect us to anything
There's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that was questioned
There's an issue wih the room's safety box
There's been a crazy accident and you have to go
There's been an emergency, please call for help
There's been an emergency, please help me get a physician on the line
There's commotion from a dog in the nearby kitchen.
There's money in the budget for magnet schools.
There's no evidence that he had anything but straight sex prior to meeting Miss Lawson
There's no substitute for taking personal responsibility for one's health.
There's nothing I can do for you but tip the cops
There's one of these in every major city, and just like Domino's, they always deliver
There's too much dirty laundry laying around
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers.
These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface.
These are real analytic periodic functions with period T.
These are supporting members for the short locking bars.
These are your awesome years, you're wasting them on this girl
These days, though, hospitals are regularly coming under attack.
These errata do not affect business programs, he said.
These glaring issues have been now realized by financial institutions.
These have gotta be the best people in New York
These people died because of the criminal actions of my doctor
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully.
These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in figure one.
These usually, but not always, follow those of city staff.
These volunteer organizations are sort of interconnected, functioning hand in hand with law enforcement
These were the new United Condoms of Benetton.
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts.
These women wanted to go out and have fun.
These would be two human beings, whom God had chosen.
They agree, we must launch a counter offensive with a full nuclear strike
They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago
They all three had another cup of coffee.
They always take our vital signs when we go to the doctor
They are currently in residence at Stanford University in California.
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic.
They are looking forward to carving it for Halloween.
They are made of gold and covered with emeralds, pearls and other jewels.
They are now in committee in the House.
They asked that during games in which I was playing.
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.
They both won this fight, the mountain and the man.
They came down, collapsing faintly on a blur of wrong notes
They came out and held their games and races.
They came to America seeking other kinds of cheese, as I recall
They can be pricey, because you have so many performers.
They can look at me like a bug under glass, if they want to
They can't turn their paper information into action.
They come and go as naked as the day God created them
They congratulate themselves and worry about bike lanes.
They convinced her to let them buy her a meal in the city
They could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats.
They desperately need doctors who can provide community services.
They do not believe a default will harm the economy.
They don't teach that at Sunday School or at the Whittier Community Playhouse!
They earnestly desire to do the will of God.
They expect him to cut costs throughout the organization.
They fear us because in their hearts they know their race has become obsolete
They find a gun in the front of the car.
They found them like that, shriveled up from weeks without food or water
They had a short talk among themselves in German.
They had a son -- killed in the war.
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm.
They had listened to her tell them about her relationships.
They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it.
They had to find a zoning district that does both.
They just set there on their horses watchin' him die
They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details.
They live in the suburbs now, and you two are about to have a baby
They look pretty white middle class to me.
They looked a good deal alike, Morgan thought.
They met in a hospital ward where their romance began.
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills.
They never burned witches in this country, they hanged them
They nursed you back to health when you were sick.
They often fail, however, to develop real abdominal, back, chest, shoulder and arm strength.
They overflowed the parking lot, making progress by automobile difficult.
They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl.
They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb
They rushed him to the hospital because they thought he had a stroke
They say she resembles me, dark hair, ponytail, very dark eyes
They sell oils, T-shirts, pictures and all sorts of paraphernalia.
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith.
They started on the 4th hole, a 220-yard par-3.
They took me to the emergency room because I kept on throwing up
They took the issue as seriously as the debaters.
They tried to keep this vote a secret I guess.
They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit.
They want to see Jennifer in a good job, too.
They wanted clothes that allowed them to move around freely.
They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of 1162 Sixth Avenue.
They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse.
They were married nearly three decades ago in Santiago, Mexico.
They were not going to concede their crown just yet.
They were the cars of the American dream.
They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police.
They'll see images of the Pope with Fidel Castro.
They're also great to share with guests and kids.
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences.
They're having a PE meeting at Headquarters tonight, come on down
They're not trying to have the parents come looking for the girl either
Thick black smoke poured from its chimneys into the sky.
Think there's any truth to what he was saying about those girls?
Think, for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps.
Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut.
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
This also will cause unnecessary damage to the Peruvian economy.
This applies to repair work of winter storage.
This article gives you an insight into this medical condition.
This bird in a cage is gonna button his own pants from now on
This boy is the greatest pool hustler you ever saw
This could never happen in my native Chicago.
This doctor and wife, they're nice people, but they don't want to get too involved
This doesn't attack the duopoly, it just attacks parties.
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students.
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.
This glittering whodunit is set during the Christmas holidays.
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting.
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen.
This has given Oprah many great business opportunities.
This hiatus has not been created by history itself.
This is Baker's second game on the network this season.
This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account
This is a funny movie and a love story.
This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one.
This is an amazing place with an amazing history.
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage.
This is an issue, for it divides people rather sharply.
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
This is just junk I have for sale or trade
This is like the death of a family member.
This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system.
This is one of the happier events of the season.
This is the issue of segregated schools in the South.
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election.
This is the key to the conquest of fear.
This is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise.
This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment.
This makes Jennifer happy because she liked Selena.
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot, or one mission, weapon.
This new integration is a critical step towards that goal.
This one goes out to that redhead girl and that tall guy
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling.
This problem with Diego, the stolen car, the jail, is very silly business
This project will be fully completed by November.
This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables.
This room doesn't have enough trouser hangers
This room needs a coffee refill
This room needs a fan
This room needs another cup
This room needs thirty more pillows
This room needs three more pillows
This section highlights some of their events and achievements.
This shower cap is a little small so can I get a larger one please?
This stimulus package is meant to help the economy.
This story widely spread and makes Min Mountain famous.
This time he turned westward, to the middle Atlantic coast of North America.
This time, he ended his relationship with her forever.
This two-part bridge is best described by Rev.
This uses electronic searches by product and by word.
This was a problem, because photographers followed Madonna everywhere.
This was a very warm, sympathetic girl, he decided.
This was bad news on a huge scale.
This was less than a week before Mrs. Jones died.
This was the negative side of the situation.
This was when he was Captain of the Black Pearl
This week Robert Castro celebrates fall in Sarasota.
This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking.
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements.
This woman is a convicted felon and a self-described sociopath.
This year Anne Hone Rogers, outstanding Handler, judged the Class.
This year sees $150 million allocated for the plan.
This year, we party together, or not at all
This year, why not try a haunted vacation.
Those that argued the negative health effects, I agree with.
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination.
Those who would kill my country will be killed.
Though water wasn't potable, bottled water was provided.
Three Union guards appeared, carrying their rifles at ready.
Three pillows to my room
Three seats are open on the board in November.
Three separate amplifiers then drive a 21-inch tricolor tube.
Through the Spirit, God's love overflows into our lives.
Throughout history, Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia.
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe.
Tickets are available at all ticket offices in Baku.
Tickets for This Might Hurt are from 15 dollars to 26 dollars with concessions available.
Tickets to the COEX dress exhibition are sold out but do you have any connections?
Ticks can transmit Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work.
Tired of driving to work and looking for parking?
To Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror.
To Stalin it was a matter of life and death.
To a Blackwell, there was only one church.
To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition.
To do this, he had to look beyond Italy.
To do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm.
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill.
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps.
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl.
To prepare mustard cream, blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste.
To purchase tickets, visit or call the library.
To renew America we must meet challenges abroad, as well as at home
To seal the wound, he took a poker from the fire
To speak of Papa dying was a sin.
To tell John something he would find out for himself.
To think I brought my daughters up on all things
Today as an old order passes, the new world is more free, but less stable
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone.
Today she goes to see her doctor for a physical checkup
Today we witness many types of deviations in the society.
Today, Taylor is remembered as the father of scientific management.
Today, she is famous for many things in many countries.
Today, the famous actress is a famous singer, too.
Today, the main competition for online stores is physical stores.
Today, there are 77 units, all located in shopping malls.
Told you this season was a brick mansion already.
Tomorrow morning, you still want to go home, I'll drive you down
Tonight we celebrate the very best in broadcasting and the triumph of the human spirit
Too many times was the truth of it, Winston thought.
Too proud to admit you're crazy about me, Dr. Jones?
Top dog, sleeping and eating right there with the Staff.
Top step of the front stairs, there's a loose stone
Tourism is a critical part of our local economy.
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market.
Training exercises were held in the East Village this week.
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts.
Travel agents who simply book air fares will disappear.
Treatment is usually medication, physical therapy and massage.
Trevelyan's excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones.
Trump has called for lower corporate and income taxes.
Trump would be a disastrous president, of course.
Trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation.
Try an extermination spray to remove the bees.
Try to keep the extra batteries for your aid around
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world
Turn off the in-room dining info
Twenty-five-thousand skilled workers in Mumbai potentially get better wages.
Twenty-one people were also wounded in the attack.
Two martinis for lunch -- that was the trouble.
Two months later, they were just outside the city.
Two of my body guards were arrested at their homes.
Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar.
Two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval.
Two ships that pass in the night should always buy each other breakfast
Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river.
Two tiny black dots on the snow, going strongly.
Two water bottles to room 25
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City.
Two women, one white and one black, as long as they have large breasts
Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
Type Seoul into YouTube
U.K. sales for last year's quarter were about $3 million.
US Web trains people to use technology in business.
Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own.
Under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia.
Undertaken by 32 American scholars, under the chairmanship of Rev.
Undoubtedly, there was a good deal of gambling in both.
Unfortunately, this church existed for centuries, causing innumerable difficulties.
Unless I'm crazy as hell, they're two of Painter's dicks.
Unpack Christmas spirit after Thanksgiving dinner Sleigh bells are ringing.
Until our dying days, we'll remember everything about that night as perfect
Urge them to write out their questions for the box.
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges.
Using oxygen, the three British men reached the Col first.
Via was in the parking lot when I went outside.
Victoria Dahlia Society - See the 66th Annual Flower Show.
Volume dipped to 3 million shares from 4 million Monday.
Volume was 1million shares, down from Monday's 2 million.
Walking around the new hospital building leaves one quite impressed.
Wall heater, extractor fan and half tiled walls.
Warm clothing and bedding, of course, are essential.
Was the man drunk or crazy or both?
Wash the hair with clarifying shampoo, and then section it.
Washington Square seems not part of a free land.
Wasn't she getting her PhD in Native American culture?
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date
Watching the fear grow in their eyes, knowing in their hearts I wasn't human
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully.
Watson raced for him, his boots slamming the soft earth.
We all used to hang out at this one bar called MacLaren's
We also enjoyed camping and traveling in her white truck.
We also want to reward the grower for better qualities.
We are a nation under God, not Satan.
We are almost done using up the shower gel
We are creating a safe place without alcohol and drugs.
We are international businessmen on a very important international business trip
We are looking for a fancy brunch restaurant that is still affordable
We are looking for a nice brunch location with a good atmosphere
We are looking to eat at a fancier Korean barbecue place for dinner
We are only worried when the house catches fire.
We are planning on going to a night market so do you have any suggestions?
We are so gonna win the costume contest this year
We believe that a strong, vibrant community is important.
We came up with some unusual results on your blood test
We can buy whatever else we want for snacks and breakfast
We can only eat at kosher or halal restaurants so any recommendations?
We can prosecute the New York Times, go for an injunction
We caught the early train to New York.
We could buy an apartment, send our kids to good schools
We don't have time to look at a hole in the ground
We don't just know in our heads that we're angry.
We don't need to know the opening hours for the gym 
We don't resent you for taking Halloween as your own.
We dug a hole and we put her in it
We expect bestowal of God's love through him.
We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand
We found a tunnel that leads to a temple below the palace!
We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand
We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks.
We harness energy on a small scale by cutting magnetic lines of force
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds.
We have confirmed division of troops from different armies all around the world
We have confirmed divisions of troops from different armies all around the world
We have kicked off our membership drive at this time.
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory.
We have to find out who that girl is
We have to lead them slowly into the twentieth century
We have to vet them all for prison behavior, right?
We have too many items that don? fit in our luggage
We hear Jennifer but we don't see her face.
We just got rid of that thing in your kitchen
We just won't have the money to keep you in school
We leave notes for each other by the coffee pot.
We live in an apartment with swords on the wall
We loved his stories and his fishing adventures.
We make a deal or I come out and hand this phone to Mickey
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment.
We may take her with us -- to California.
We might hit a bump and the gun might go off
We move into my dad's house in Staten Island
We must move the entire hospital by tomorrow night
We need a refill for our shampoo
We need an extra bathrobe
We need to access a handicap parking spot during our stay
We need to build a healthy economy around coal byproducts.
We needed to move further into foreign markets.
We ordered her favorite Chinese food for dinner.
We passed his house and school on the way.
We pray to Krishna to help us find the stone
We send shovels, cement, nails, and corrugated iron for roofs.
We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl
We should be out in a bar getting in fights
We should go out and just get fricking weird
We shouldn't stop black people from buying them.
We spent on roads, sewers, schools and health.
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw's.
We took for granted his source of energy was nuclear
We want oil refinery and we want zero pollution.
We want some restaurant recommendations around the Namhansan Fortress area
We want the power to determine the destiny of our Black Community
We want to browse shops selling trendy clothes and handmade fashion accessories
We want to end the robbery by the white man of our Black Community
We want to look for a place that sells Korean antiques
We want to visit Seoul's best food and night markets
We want to visit a dog and cat caf?in Seoul
We want to visit a nice teahouse and learn about the Korean tea ceremony
We went up 25 million bushels from our previous forecast.
We were calling you stupid and you got so mad
We were fighting to see who gets the apartment
We were in Queens and we decided to stop by my apartment
We were never thought all this in school.
We would like an ice refill for our room's mini bar
We'll agree they saw a woman but she wasn't the lady we talked about
We'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what ifs
We'll go out to dinner and have a drink and I'll bring her back
We'll hit the library first and fan out from there
We'll say that Sharon is at Redmond, Washington.
We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment
We're gonna nail your ass to the wall on this one
We're not sneaking into a high school prom
We're off in search of an ancient and exotic city.
We're on the brink of a very serious cash flow problem
We're probably looking at a desperate situation, he said.
We're supposed to get married after I get my wings
We're there to stay for a fairly lengthy period.
We're trying to locate a deranged fan of yours
We've gone into those games and played very well.
We've got some food on the trees, thank the Lord again
We've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment
We've used up all the body lotion
Wearing ski clothes, he was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the Carnival.
Wedding Venues in Manchester, Vermont Your love can move mountains.
Well Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't
Well as the Rey says, God helps those who help themselves
Well if you're not gonna fire me I might as well quit
Well this is going to end your career and probably mine
Well, I believe you when you say you go to school
Well, I guess he just hasn't met the right woman
Well, I guess it's safe to put on some lights now
Well, I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those
Well, I suppose they've been having a bit of trouble with some of the equipment
Well, I'm only an employee, I ain't married to him
Well, I've got a million questions about the area
Well, I've seen her pictures, and I don't think she's so hot
Well, heck, I'll tell you anything you want to know
Well, in any case, Rocky, I'll send you my book
Well, it sounds like you're having a lot more fun than I am
Well, it was a piece of luck running into you, Duane
Well, just tell her I called and tell her that she's awesome
Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours
Well, that's funny, 'cause your brother throws like a girl
Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis
Well, we're taking a little vacation, that's all.
Well, well, I'll have to put my thinking cap on about all this
Well, why don't I just say black so you can say white!
Well, you didn't get your prince, and there goes your diamond
Well, you got a lot of games lined up for me?
Well, you know, the whole world is just going nuts
Wendigos are great liars and tricksters, according to the stories
What I'm offering is the chance to have this much fun
What a great way to give back to your community!
What a wonderful start to a courageous season.
What add-ons can I add to my spa package at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What am I supposed to do if I lost my passport?
What are all the bus numbers going to Gwanghwamun Square?
What are all the menu items of the hotel's Palais de Chine?
What are prices of each service and package at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What are some cheap but good restaurants we can eat at?
What are some common parking laws of Seoul that I must know?
What are some cool things I can buy at Dongdaemun Fashion Town?
What are some craft activities we can do as a family at Bukchon Village?
What are some good biking trails in Seoul aside from the Han River?
What are some smaller, less-known temples that offer temple stay visits?
What are the BOUTIQUE SPA's policies on reservation changes and cancellation?
What are the age requirements to use the sauna?
What are the best rated restaurants around the hotel and Myeongdong station?
What are the best restaurants in the Yonsei University area?
What are the differences between the different colored buses in Seoul?
What are the dining options of the hotel?
What are the foods that I absolutely must eat before I leave Seoul?
What are the health requirements to use the hotel gym?
What are the hotel spa's hours and days of operation?
What are the hotel's parking policies and parking fees?
What are the hours for the PALAIS DE CHINE and MARQUE D'AMOUR?
What are the hours for the hotel pool?
What are the hours for the sauna?
What are the ingredients that go into a ginseng chicken soup?
What are the luggage fees charged by the airport bus service?
What are the main attractions available at Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What are the most popular food souvenirs I should think of taking back?
What are the names of the products that were used in my spa package?
What are the opening hours for the hotel pool?
What are the operating hours of the FITNESS?
What are the qualifications of the personal trainers at FITNESS?
What are the rates to use the sauna?
What are the times for the hotel gym?
What are the times for the hotel sauna?
What are the times for the hotel swimming pool?
What are tourists' most favorite and popular tour stops in Seoul?
What are we not allowed to take with us to the DMZ?
What are your reasons for seeing Doctor Clark today?
What areas of Seoul can I wear a costume to on Halloween?
What barber shop in Seoul is popular with young women?
What better weather for a party that fall weather.
What brand of tea does the TEAPLACE serve its guests?
What breakfast options do you offer? I want to eat in bed
What bus do I have to take from the hotel to get to Lotte World?
What bus number do I have to take to get to Lotte World?
What business is it of yours where I'm from, friend?
What cafes do you recommend I visit if I am a huge coffee fan?
What can I do if I lost my airport shuttle ticket?
What can I do if I misplaced my car parking ticket?
What can I eat on the Hangang tour ferry cruise?
What can I see if I go on a boat tour of Seoul?
What can we do around the city at nighttime that is also appropriate for children?
What channels do I get on the TV in my hotel room?
What complimentary services come with a monthly membership at FITNESS?
What could be worse than disappointing a little girl?
What country's cuisine does the L'Amant Secret restaurant serve?
What credit cards does this hotel accept? 
What dessert shops should I try out if I like ice cream?
What different treatment options do you have at your sauna?
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months?
What do I absolutely have to do before I leave Seoul next week?
What do I have to do to become a member of FITNESS?
What do I need in order to rent a bicycle from the city?
What do I need to do if I need to cancel my spa treatment appointment?
What do bars accept as ID in Seoul to check for age?
What do you do when you aren't making ice cream?
What do you recommend I do if I want to experience ancient Korean culture?
What does Dr. Clark want to know before he gives Laura a prescription?
What does Seoul sell cheaply that I won't be able to buy as cheap anywhere else?
What does it take to restore a pool?
What eSports games or events are happening in Seoul this weekend?
What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say?
What else does Dr. Clark want Laura to do?
What exactly does Dongdaemun Market have and is it very different from Namdaemun?
What exactly does a Korean-style spa entail and where can I try it?
What exactly is included in the tour package for the DMZ?
What exactly is on display at the Children's Museum of National Museum of Korea?
What exhibitions are showing today at the Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What facial at the hotel spa do you recommend for sensitive skin?
What facial should I have at BOUTIQUE SPA if I want a lot of moisturizing?
What famous restaurants are within the area of the hotel?
What floor can I find FITNESS on in the hotel?
What floor is the indoor swimming pool located on?
What floors of the Lotte Department is open to shoppers and guests?
What foods do you recommend we get on a hot day?
What fun you two must have had, playing games with me
What group exercises and events are going on today at FITNESS?
What gym equipments can be found at the fitness center?
What hair color is the most popular with clients at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What happened at work? What happened to Laura after that?
What happened was there was this party at my parents
What healthy options can you provide for in-room dining?
What high intensity cardio programs do you offer at FITNESS?
What hours does the valet parking service run for?
What if I brought you, let's say, fifty thousand dollars?
What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles?
What in God's name am I to do with you?
What in-room dining service do you offer?
What in-room dining service is available right now?
What is FITNESS' policies on membership cancellation before the half-mark period?
What is a good korean barbecue restaurant that can hold a large group?
What is a good place to visit if you are a Kpop fan?
What is a traditional Korean food that is popular in the winter?
What is it you thought you saw on that tape?
What is the BOUTIQUE SPA's policy on appointment changes and cancellations?
What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby?
What is the best option for outdoor exercise  in this city?
What is the best way for us to tour the city?
What is the best way to get to Lotte World from Mokdong?
What is the best way to hail a cab when away from the hotel?
What is the cheapest route to Myeongdong from Gangnam station?
What is the cheapest way I can get to Dongdaemun market from the hotel?
What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds?
What is the cost for laundry services?
What is the customary tipping procedure in Seoul restaurants?
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations?
What is the entrance admission fees to the Dongdaemun Design Plaza?
What is the fastest way to get to a KTX station from here?
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world?
What is the group fitness program schedule like at FITNESS?
What is the heaviest free weight you have at FITNESS?
What is the history of Seodaemun Prison and what is the building doing now?
What is the hotel spa's policy on appointment changes and cancellations?
What is the hotel's dining information?
What is the hotel's policy on guests bringing pets to the hotel?
What is the hotel's protocols on outside food delivery to hotel rooms?
What is the indoor temperature of the workout room in FITNESS?
What is the largest number of people you can seat at one table at TEAPLACE?
What is the legal drinking age and driving age in Seoul?
What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S.?
What is the maximum weight of your resistance machines at FITNESS?
What is the minimum age requirement to use the swimming pool
What is the minimum amount I have to order from McDonald's to get free delivery?
What is the most comfortable way to get to the airport from the hotel?
What is the most popular spa treatment at the hotel?
What is the name of the closest subway station to the hotel?
What is the number registered in case of emergencies?
What is the percentage of water content in the human body?
What is the place of big business in society?
What is the price for guest laundry service?
What is the price range of products sold in the Ewha area?
What is the price range on the foods and drinks at Marque d'Amour?
What is the recommended thermostat setting in the winter?
What is the sales tax rate in New York?
What is the significance of the statues at Gwanghwamun Plaza?
What is the status of the curtains?
What is the subway station closest to the Trick Eye Museum?
What is the tallest building in Seoul and what can I do there?
What is the temperature at the center of the earth?
What is the theme of the Palais de Chine restaurant at the hotel?
What is the weight of the heaviest dumbbell at FITNESS?
What is there to do at Culture Station near Seoul Station?
What is your intended purpose of your visit to the United States?
What kind of a crowd will I find dining at the Palais de Chine?
What kind of a deal can you give me at FITNESS?
What kind of accommodations does the hotel make for people with dietary restrictions?
What kind of dishes do they serve at the restaurants on the top of Namsan Tower?
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz?
What kind of food does the L'Amant Secret serve exactly?
What kind of information is Dr. Clark trying to get from Laura?
What kind of music do you usually play at FITNESS?
What kind of services and help can I receive at the Seoul Global Center?
What kind of water do you use at the spa for face and body treatments?
What kinds of attractions and stores are in the Lotte World?
What kinds of barbell clamps do you have in stock at FITNESS?
What kinds of dining options can I choose?
What kinds of equipment and amenities does FITNESS have for guests?
What kinds of foods are served in the Michelin guide's "innovative" restaurants 
What kinds of hydrotherapy baths does the BOUTIQUE SPA provide?
What kinds of locks do the lockers at FITNESS use?
What kinds of products do they sell at Common Ground?
What kinds of questions do I have to answer on the BOUTIQUE SPA questionnaire?
What kinds of resistance and strength machines does the hotel gym have?
What kinds of rides are open at Everland and suitable for young children?
What kinds of services and items does the hotel FITNESS provide?
What kinds of stores and stalls are at Namdaemun Market?
What kinds of stores are at Lotte Mall that's not in Shinsegae?
What kinds of teas are offered at traditional teahouses in Insadong?
What kinds of things are shown at the War Memorial in Seoul?
What kinds of things can I expect to see at the National Folk Museum?
What kinds of unique items will I find at Itaewon Market?
What languages are the Seoul walking and bus tours offered in?
What lounge in Seoul do you recommend for a girls' night out?
What lounge or bar do you recommend for birthdays in Itaewon?
What makes you think I have any clean shirts at my place?
What massage package do you recommend for the winter at BOUTIQUE SPA?
What musicals in Seoul have received high reviews, both English and Korean?
What number is registered in case of emergencies?
What options are available for in-room dining?
What options are available in the hotel food for vegetarians?
What options does the hotel offer for guests who need long-term parking?
What other good mountains are available in the Seoul area besides Bukhansan?
What other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial?
What price would you pay for a good working dog?
What restaurants around the hotel are still serving at this time of night?
What restaurants can we eat at that are within walking distance of the hotel?
What restaurants can you suggest that serve good local food?
What restaurants do you recommend we eat at during our stay?
What restaurants would you recommend to someone who enjoys Korean-Japanese fusion?
What right had John to any special consideration?
What say we get these crazy kids back together
What sets the book apart from other business books?
What should I avoid doing to have the most authentic experience in Seoul?
What should I do if I misplaced my valet pass?
What should I do to make the most of my time in Seoul?
What should I know about using the safety box?
What should I take with me if I am going out to Seorae Village?
What should President Obama take from your book?
What side dish can I have with my tea at the TEAPLACE?
What sights will I see if I go on the Seoul Tour Bus circuit?
What slipper sizes are available?
What sorts of training equipment and weights does FITNESS have?
What spa services specifically tailored for men does the hotel provide?
What spas in this area do you recommend?
What special offerings do you provide for bridal showers at the BOUTIQUE SPA?
What sports games can we watch at the Jamsil Sports Complex?
What stops does the Seoul City Tour Bus make in total?
What temperature is the sauna?
What time do most locals eat lunch and where do they like to eat?
What time do you recommend I go to BOUTIQUE SPA for a massage?
What time does the Lotte World close on Fridays and Saturdays?
What time does the Palais de Chine take its last orders on Saturdays?
What time does the Seoul subway start operating and ending?
What time does the breakfast menu end?
What time does the gym close tonight?
What time does the gym close?
What time does the gym open?
What time does the morning yoga class start and when does it end?
What time does the sauna close?
What time does the sauna open?
What time does the swimming pool and sauna close on Saturdays?
What time does the swimming pool close?
What time does the swimming pool open?
What time is Laura???appointment with the doctor?
What time is Laura? appointment with the doctor?
What time is the last call for the hotel bar?
What time will the Marque d'Amour start serving today?
What time will the first 150 bus start operating tomorrow?
What time would the gym close on Sundays?
What times do the hotel restaurants open and close today?
What times does the spa open and close on weekends?
What to do about it now that he was President?
What treatment does the BOUTIQUE SPA offer exclusive to men?
What type of cuisine does the L'Amant Secret specialize in?
What type of drinks are available by the hotel swimming pool?
What type of pillows can I request?
What types of body wraps do you have and how much do they cost?
What types of hydrotherapy baths do you provide at the spa?
What types of shows and exhibitions are going on at COEX?
What types of teas from Mariage Freres does the TEAPLACE offer?
What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
What was President Lyndon Johnson's reform program called?
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley
What we need is more vocational training in high schools, not more dropouts.
What will be the final symmetry of the good society?
What will my gym membership at FITNESS provide for me?
What would an approximate total be for dinner at the Palais de Chine?
What's available for in-room dining?
What's available for room dining?
What's not to like about the American people?
What's the average February temperature in Seoul during the day?
What's the big deal about you being on the street?
What's the difference between room darkening curtains and sheer curtains?
What's the last song you listened to on your iPod?
What's the name of the restaurant that was rated the best in Michelin magazine?
What's the purpose of having sheer curtains?
What's up ahead is all that's left of their tribal lands
What's your thought after you saw that tape
What, contradict me again, after I gave you time to recollect yourself
Whatever the reasons, Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith.
Whatever this is, it clearly responds to human emotional states
Wheat has long been an important crop for the state.
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
When a girl runs out like that, she generally wants to be followed
When are the lunch and dinner hours at the hotel lounge restaurant?
When are the lunch and dinner times for the Palais de Chine?
When are we going to start looking for our apartment?
When can we visit Gyeongbukgung palace on Friday or Saturday?
When checking out, I would like an itemized receipt
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President?
When did Laura???mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When did Laura? mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When did Lauras mom ask her to go grocery shopping?
When do most people here eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner?
When do pubs and alcohol-serving restaurants generally open and close?
When do the buses and subway trains stop running in Seoul?
When does the fitness center close during the weekday?
When does the last 100 blue bus run on Fridays?
When does the monsoon or typhoon season start in Seoul?
When does the sauna close usually?
When he had to get on his knees to put my boots on?
When he saw Tommy sitting alone, the tinkling sound stopped.
When is the BOUTIQUE SPA the least busiest in serving clients?
When is the Seoul International Fireworks Festival and how long does it go for?
When is the artists' flea market open today at Hongdae?
When is the ashtanga yoga class happening at FITNESS today?
When is the best time to go and see the Lantern Festival today?
When is the earliest time that I can receive spa care here?
When is the traffic in Seoul the worst and when is it the best?
When magazine illustrations were replaced by photographs, everything changed, again.
When police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
When the book was published, he was very worried.
When the final war between our races comes, who do you want leading the charge?
When the jury sees this, no matter what Cutler tries, they'll convict him
When the student has learned well, the teacher is no longer necessary
When they lost this rock their fields and animals died
When this linear draft is completed, I dust it down to a faint image.
When those cops get a look at her they'll even contribute
When we praise God, we're cultivating the best possible habit.
When will I get the results of the blood test?
When will Laura get the results of her blood test?
When you ask for his help, please ask him to help me build a doll house also
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long
When you're here, in the city, where do you live?
Whenever human dignity is wounded, civilization takes a step backward.
Whenever she comes over for dinner, you guys are so obvious
Where are Seoul's largest game corners and arcade stores located?
Where are some places to avoid during the monsoon season in Seoul?
Where are the best Korean barbecue restaurants along the Cheonggyechon walkway?
Where are the best duty-free department stores to shop at in Seoul?
Where are the best lounges, clubs and bars in Gangnam?
Where are the best places in Seoul to travel alone?
Where are the best restaurants or bars near the hotel?
Where are the most highly recommended plastic surgery hospitals in Seoul?
Where are the most picturesque places in Seoul that is good to take pictures in?
Where are the most popular shopping centers in this part of Seoul?
Where are the most scenic places in Seoul for seeing the autumn trees?
Where are the writers to treat these changes?
Where are your competitors winning business from you, and why?
Where can I book spots for a Hangang Cruise for today?
Where can I buy Korea's best acne care makeup and products?
Where can I buy official Larva products in Seoul for my kids?
Where can I find an international ATM machine that I can use?
Where can I find handmade leather artisanal goods in Seoul?
Where can I find information about sheer curtains?
Where can I find the best coffee and cafes in Seoul?
Where can I find the best quality baby formula and food in Seoul?
Where can I find the number in case of emergencies?
Where can I get a large and affordable brunch in Seoul?
Where can I get dinner for less than ten dollars near the hotel?
Where can I get free WiFi with good connection in Seoul?
Where can I get some pencils?
Where can I get the best affordable Korean stationary products?
Where can I get the best green smoothies in Seoul?
Where can I get the most authentic Italian-style pasta in Seoul?
Where can I get the most delicious chicken skewer street food in Seoul?
Where can I go to celebrate Christmas and New Year's in Seoul?
Where can I go to learn more about ancient Korean culture and society?
Where can I have a picnic in Seoul tomorrow with nine people?
Where can I have the best street food in Seoul?
Where can I learn more about the Korean War and its history?
Where can I learn more about the famous Korean video art creator?
Where can I make a reservation for a massage?
Where can I purchase a swimming suit so that I can go to the pool?
Where can I purchase basic items like sunscreen and hand lotion?
Where can I purchase some traditional Korean and Asian herbal medicine?
Where can I receive safe and regulated Korean acupuncture treatment?
Where can I rent a bicycle for a day's use in Seoul?
Where can I report unreasonable prices charged to tourists by a restaurant?
Where can I see the largest collection of Joseon dynasty artifacts?
Where can I shop for affordable quality electronics in Seoul?
Where can I shop for luxury brands that are exclusive to Korea?
Where can I shop from traditional Korean stores at reasonable prices?
Where can I take art classes for traditional Korean calligraphy in Seoul?
Where can I take my girls shopping for stationary and dolls?
Where can I view contemporary and modern art in Seoul?
Where can my children stay while I receive my spa treatment?
Where can we dress up in traditional Korean clothes and costumes?
Where can we eat after our trip to the Mural Village?
Where can we eat dinner after shopping in the Garosu-gil area?
Where can we eat fresh seafood like fried fish and lobster?
Where can we find the highest class of nightclubs and lounges in Seoul?
Where can we get some decent coffee near the hotel?
Where can we go after we shop at Dongdaemun Night Market?
Where can we have the best Korean fusion foods in Seoul?
Where can we try making our own celadon pottery in Seoul?
Where can we try on some traditional hanboks and take pictures?
Where can we try the best traditional Korean liquor like makgeoli?
Where can we watch traditional Buddhist monk ceremonies in Seoul?
Where could I leave my bicycle if I brought one?
Where do I find real local food near the hotel?
Where do I get cardboard boxes?
Where do I get off on the Incheon Airport highway to get to the airport?
Where do Korean celebrities go to get their hair and style done?
Where do coffee fans get their brewed coffee in Seoul?
Where do female college students like to go shopping for clothes and accessories?
Where do foreigners usually go when they get ill in Seoul?
Where do wealthy and young Korean women like to shop in Seoul?
Where do you recommend I visit in order to have the best time here?
Where do you recommend that couples go to in Seoul?
Where else am I ever going to find another girl?
Where exactly is the airport shuttle going to stop to load passengers?
Where in Seoul can I watch a Broadway musical in Korean?
Where in Seoul can we eat that is affordable and kid-friendly?
Where is Running Man filmed in Seoul and are they filming this week?
Where is the Hello Kitty World and what can I do there?
Where is the National Palace Museum of Korea in Seoul?
Where is the best affordable shopping area for tourists in Seoul?
Where is the best hip hop music bar in Seoul that we can go to?
Where is the best place in Seoul for one stop shopping?
Where is the best place to celebrate the Lunar New Year in Seoul?
Where is the best place to eat good street food in Seoul?
Where is the best place to go shopping duty free in Seoul?
Where is the best place to see the Fireworks Festival in Seoul?
Where is the best place to shop for Korean beauty products?
Where is the best shopping area and which subway stations will get us there?
Where is the closest convenience or grocery store  from the hotel?
Where is the gym located at?
Where is the largest underground shopping area that I can shop at?
Where is the largest zoo in Seoul that I can take my children to?
Where is the most affordable and trendy shopping locations in Seoul?
Where is the most luxury and expensive shopping area in Seoul?
Where is the most popular areas for tax free shopping besides the airport?
Where is the most popular place to take pictures of the autumn trees changing color?
Where is the nearest bank where I can take out money?
Where is the nearest protestant church that provides English language service?
Where is the plastic surgery hospital where Korean celebrities go to?
Where is the seolleongtang restaurant in Mapo that was in the Michelin magazine?
Where must I go to report my passport and wallet missing?
Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss.
Where should I go to try the most authentic Korean food?
Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later
Where's the most authentic place to go shopping for a local specialty, especially artisanal handicrafts?
Which Hyundai department store in Seoul is considered the main one?
Which TEAPLACE Mariage Freres tea do you recommend if I want something fruity and herbal?
Which TEAPLACE tea from Mariage Freres has the highest caffeine content?
Which amusement park has more extreme rides: Lotte World or Everland?
Which are the most generous countries in the world?
Which area of Namdaemun market sells cheap clothes and accessories?
Which area of Seoul has the highest concentration of independent fashion boutiques?
Which attractions in Seoul are best for kids ages six to ten?
Which between Palais de Chine and L'Amant Secret has the larger breakfast selection?
Which bus number from Noryangjin Fish Market hits Seoul Station?
Which credit cards are accepted during check-in?
Which curtains should I close to darken the room?
Which dessert cafes in Hongdae serve cold drip coffee and cream cake?
Which floor is the hotel gym located?
Which is better: taking the 500 bus to Myeongdong or the train there?
Which is great and everything, but I can't imagine having this much fun over there
Which locations in Seoul were used as settings for Korean dramas?
Which market or store should we visit to buy good quality household items?
Which museum or gallery can we visit to view traditional Korean art?
Which museum would you recommend if we want to see historical artifacts?
Which nightclub would you recommend that is fun and safe?
Which of Seoul's Michelin restaurants serve food with organic ingredients?
Which of the hotel restaurants has the lower-priced dinner and drink options?
Which of the hotel restaurants is the least busiest right now?
Which one between Palais de Chine or L'Amant Secret has the better dinner option?
Which one is closer to the hotel: Incheon International or Gimpo?
Which one of the hotel's restaurants is the one that won an award?
Which palace do you recommend I visit if I can only visit one?
Which park is closer to our hotel: Lotte World or Children's Grand Park?
Which restaurant inside the hotel is the most highly rated by guests?
Which restaurant serving fusion Korean Italian food do you recommend?
Which room of the hotel is the free breakfast provided in?
Which shopping mall in Seoul is the largest and has the most stores?
Which spa treatments will help the most with muscle tightness?
Which subway line do we go on to get to Hongdae?
Which subway station do we go to for the Spring Flower Festival?
Which university is famous for being backdrops of Korean dramas?
Which way should we go to reach Centre Restaurant near Myeongdong station?
While I'm at it you can be getting that tape off the lady
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial, nationalism is more variable.
Who are the creative representatives of this movement?
Who can I talk to if I did not enjoy my meal at Palais de Chine?
Who is allowed to use the swimming pool and FITNESS at the hotel?
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms?
Who is to blame in such a situation?
Who should I give my valet ticket to so that I can get my car back?
Who should I talk to at the spa if I have medical or allergy concerns?
Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers?
Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV?
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration?
Who was the first vice president of the U.S.?
Who was the first woman governor in the U.S.?
Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station?
Why can't I seem to find any casinos in the Seoul area?
Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else?
Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?
Why did he want her to go to church?
Why did they rush him to the hospital?
Why did you leave that stuff in about you being the director?
Why didn't you tell us about the party you boys were planning at the capitol?
Why do we force our 'gifts' on Afghans and Iraqis?
Why does Laura want to see Doctor Clark?
Why don't we try to keep politics out of the conversation
Why don't you just drag me off if you want to marry me so much?
Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest
Why has this form of gentility gone out of American life?
Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them?
Why is France failing to prevent terror attacks?
Why is he in your care, and not a proper prison?
Why is it so different in regard to birth control?
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile?
Why is the world worried about one man?
Why is this simple concept so difficult to practice?
Why must South Africans brutally murder other Africans?
Why must we award damages up to today?
Why not apply it to law enforcement as well?
Why not have them travel the state in November debating?
Why she married him I do not know.
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now?
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry?
Why were these deals made and kept under wraps?
Why would you want to be a doctor if you're already an accountant?
Why you have punch and cookies with them.
Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy
Why, he's going to kill me, he thought wildly.
Why, it's news when Anne  ets her fingernails manicured, but this!
Why, that's his main reason for making the dive.
Widen the East River Drive at least one lane.
Will FITNESS personalize each workout session to what I need?
Will I run into a lot of traffic at Hangangdaegyo around 6 PM?
Will Korean cinemas show American animated movies in English or with dubbing?
Will argument and debate decide its truth or falsity?
Will customers' changing demands force you to develop new capacities?
Will he go on-camera and talk about the Mexico City branch?
Will it be cheaper for four people to take a taxi or bus to Myeongdong?
Will it be faster to have a valet park for me?
Will my credit card be put on hold until I check out?
Will that economic agenda come from a vibrant tech community?
Will the hotel allow me to check-in without a passport?
Will the hotel place a hold of the full amount of my stay on my credit card during check in? 
Will the hotel provide me with an itemized receipt upon checkout?
Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence?
Will the reception desk hold my luggage for a small fee after I check out?
Will the weather today be good enough to go to a mountain?
Will there be hi-speed internet at the lounge?
Will we stay in parts of the customs union?
Will you help me cancel my food order?
Will you let the McDonald's deliveryman for room 8011 past reception?
Will you obstruct this, or will you help?
Will you send a police car to twelve hundred road?
Will you stop acting that way and bring me the purse?
Will you tell me more about the hotel's laundry service policy?
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall.
Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink.
Winter Storm Warning 6am tomorrow - noon Friday.
Winter forage crops are starting to be harvested.
With Red Hogan, he rode to the Welcome Cafe.
With a whirling jump, it could get into gear.
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air.
With incredible ferocity, he brought his fists together and struck.
With just the hydrogen of our bodies, we could run the world for years.
With minimal support for women leaders, unions remain patriarchal.
With nine laps remaining, Hamilton managed to resolve the issue.
With other types of credit, this is not the case.
With respect to labor disputes, the Wagner-Peyser Act states only,
With scarcely a mumble of excuse, I fled.
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
With this situation, it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment.
With tips, the girls average between $150 and $200 a week, depending on basic salary.
With two down, Ontario's nine-hole hitter singled to left.
Within a year, it seemed that Richards agreed.
Within thirty years, it had grown into a five-billion-dollar business.
Within this framework, what followed was strained, even macabre.
Without a system of values there can be no society.
Without help from the climbers, the porters would die.
Without monitoring, a military hookup becomes a noisy party.
Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning
Without them Tamil fishermen in the North have no jobs.
Wolves don't even breed when there isn't enough food.
Women didn't use white face powder nowadays, he recalled.
Women, after all, have claimed pants for themselves.
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.
Wonderful feeling of security knowing your adversaries are both crippled and unarmed
Wood received a standing ovation as the award was presented.
Word is at bingo you smell good too!
Work on Greenwood Avenue North is past the halfway mark.
Work on the roof continues in this way.
Worked with Ganz a few years ago and sprung him from the road gang
Workshops consisted of presentations, interactive sessions and de bates.
World trade organization is the main game, Mr Mitchell said.
Worse, even the Latino bloc isn't really a bloc.
Worth of the pipeline is currently estimated at $9.3 million.
Would Kelly have reacted if Mario Lopez had shushed her?
Would everyone please stop whining about The Oregonian?
Would it be possible to get out of the screen with dining information?
Would such an act of refusal be useful?
Would we really see better results from them than Obama?
Would you be bummed out if I didn't go to Chicago with you?
Would you buy Italian washing machines or Ukrainian ones?
Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like?
Would you like to have me turn around for you, Bingy?
Would you mind walking ahead of me to the sun porch
Would you read for us the time of the purchase?
Would you send up 42 kid sized pairs of slippers?
Would you support the officer if they would give you a trial?
You can close dining details for the time being
going to be a big hero, avenge that little girl's death?
if there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive
if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set
in the dream the world was dark because there weren't any robins
left his whole business and family, his wife and two kids
maybe going back to school will be an option one day
one of us, all of us, I have no idea, brought whatever this thing is back here
that could help your father but you might get into trouble
there has to be a darn good reason for living the way you do
when it's all sewed up, I'll let you know all the details
why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place?
